 
 
 
 
2026 Global Korea Scholarship 
Application Guidelines for Graduate Degrees 
 
 
 
 
2026. 2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This application guideline was originally written in Korean and translated to English. The Korean application 
guideline prevails the translated application guideline if any conflicts occur in the interpretation. 
 
 
  

=====PAGE=====
 
2 
 
Table of Contents 
 
 
1. PROGRAM OBJECTIVES ...................................................................................................... 3 
2. PROGRAMS AND UNIVERSITIES ....................................................................................... 3 
3. PROGRAM QUOTA ................................................................................................................. 6 
4.  ELIGIBILITY  .......................................................................................................................... 12 
5.  DOCUMENTS TO SUBMIT  .................................................................................................. 16 
6.  SELECTION PROCEDURE AND SCHEDULE  ................................................................. 24 
7. APPLICATION AND EVALUATION .................................................................................. 26 
8. FINAL ANNOUNCEMENT ................................................................................................... 28 
9. SCHOLARSHIP INFORMATION ........................................................................................ 31 
10. OTHER NOTES ........................................................................................................................ 32 
11. CONTACT INFORMATION .................................................................................................. 33 
APPENDIX A. GPA Conversion Table ........................................................................................ 34 
APPENDIX B. DAC List of ODA Recipients on 2025 flows ....................................................... 35 
APPENDIX C. Contacts of Korean Embassies ............................................................................ 37 
APPENDIX D. Contacts of Universities ....................................................................................... 47 
APPENDIX E. 2026 GKS-G Application FAQs........................................................................... 53 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
3 
 
2026 Global Korea Scholarship 
Application Guidelines for Graduate Degrees 
 
1. PROGRAM  OBJECTIVES  
 
Global Korea Scholarship is designed to provide international students with opportunities to 
study at higher educational institutions in Korea in pursuit of academic degrees, which will 
enhance international education exchange and deepen mutual friendship between Korea and 
participating countries  
2. PROGRAMS AND UNIVERSITIES  
■ Degree Programs  
Program Master’s Degree Doctoral Degree Research 
Period 1 year of Korean language Program 
+ 2 years of degree program 
1 year of Korean language Program 
+ 3 years of degree program 
6 months  
or 1 year 
 
■ Application Tracks  
Quota 
Embassy Track 
University Track 
Total General Specialization 
Sub 
total General 
Overseas 
Korean/ 
Adoptee 
Subtotal General R-GKS Research International 
Organization R&D Global 
Network 
776 24 800 160 480 5 72 403 80 1,200 2,000 
 
 
• The R&D and Global Network Programs in the University Track are selected by each university 
based on their own scholarship selection guidelines and admission criteria.  
* For details on the selection process, please contact the respective university  of the R&D and 
Global Network programs. 
 
 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
4 
 
■ Available Fields of Study and Universities  
◈ Available Fields of Study  
○ All academic fields established by the GKS participating universities 
○ Academic programs offered during evenings (night school), short-term programs, online 
and distant-learning programs are not applicable in this scholarship program. 
○ Applicants can only apply to the universities and departments that are listed in the 
‘University Information’ file attached under the GKS Notice post in Study in Korea website. 
(www.studyinkorea.go.kr > Plan your studies > Scholarships > GKS Notice)  
◈ Available Universities  by Type 
Classification Available Universities 
Type A 
(35 institutions) 
Ajou University, Chung -Ang University, Dankook  University, DGIST (Daegu 
Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology), Dongguk University, Duksung 
Women's University, Ewha Womans University, GIST (Gwangju Institute of 
Science and Technology), Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, Hanyang 
University ( ERICA), Hanyang University (Seoul), Hongik University, Incheon 
National University, Inha University, KAIST (Korea Advanced Institute of Science 
and Technology), KDI School of Public Policy and Management, Konkuk 
University, Kookmin University, Korea Univer sity, Kyung Hee University, NCC -
GCSP (National Can cer Center Graduate School of Cancer Science and Policy), 
POSTECH (Pohang University of Science and Technology), Sejong University, 
Seokyeong University, Seoul National University, SeoulTech (Seoul National  
University of Science and Technology), Sogang University, Sookmyung Women's 
University, Soongsil University, Sungkyunkwan University, Sungshin Women's 
University, The Academy of Korean Studies, UNIST (Ulsan National Institute of 
Science and Technology), University of Seoul, Yonsei University 
Type B 
(41 institutions) 
Baeseok University, Busan University of Foreign Studies, Changwon National 
University, Cheongju University, Chonnam National University, Chosun 
University, Chungbuk National University, Chungnam National University, Daegu 
University, Daejeon University, Dong -A Un iversity, Dongseo University, 
Gyeongkuk National University, Gyeongsang National University, Hannam 
University, Hoseo University, Inje University, Jeju National University, Jeonbuk 
National University, Kangwon National University, Keimyung University, Kong ju 
National University, Konyang University, KOREATECH (Korea University of 
Technology and Education), Kunsan National University, Kyungpook National 
University, Kyungsung University, Kyungwoon University, Mokwon University  
Pai Chai University, Pukyong Nati onal University, Pusan National University, 
Semyung University, Silla University, Soonchunhyang University, Sun Moon 
University, Sunchon National University, Tongmyong University, University of 
Ulsan, Wonkwang University, Yeungnam University 
 The Ministry of Education is scheduled to announce the results of the 2025 IEQAS 
(International Education Quality Assurance System) accreditation in February 2026. If a university 
is confirmed as unaccredited, applications to that university will not be accepted.  
  
=====PAGE=====
 
5 
 
◈ Available Universities by Application Track  
○ Embassy Track 
Program Available Universities 
General 
Type A or Type B Overseas Korean* 
& Adoptee 
* Overseas Koreans refer to ethnic Korean without Korean citizenship. Overseas Koreans include 
offspring of Korean diaspora or Korean immigrants who live in countries out of the Korean peninsula 
※ Embassy Track applicant may choose up to THREE different universities from 
Type A and B and MUST apply to at least one of the universities from Type B 
 
○ University Track 
Program Available Universities 
General 
General Type A or Type B 
R-GKS Type B 
Research Type A or Type B 
Specialization 
R&D 
(60 departments 
in 25 institutions) 
Ajou University, Cheongju University, Chonnam National 
University, Dong-A University, Ewha Womans University, 
Gyeongsang National University, Hannam University, 
Incheon National University, Inje University, Jeju National 
University, KAIST (Korea Advanced Institute of Science 
and Technology), Keimyung University, Konkuk 
University, Kookmin University, KOREATECH (Korea 
University of Technology and Education), Kunsan National 
University, Kyungpook National University, Pukyong 
National University, Pusan National University, Seoul 
Theological University, SeoulTech (Seoul National 
University of Science and Technology), Sogang University, 
Sunchon National University, Yeungnam University, 
Yonsei University 
Global 
Network 
(7 departments  
in 6 institutions) 
Ajou University, Gyeongkuk National University, Hongik 
University, KDI School of Public Policy and Management, 
Pusan National University, Seoul National University  
International Organization 
Type A or Type B 
* Applicants may apply to any department within the General or 
Specialization programs (degree programs only) under the 
University Track. 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
6 
 
3. PROGRAM  QUOTA 
■ Embassy Track  
◈ General: 776 scholars from 1 43 countries  or regions  
No. Country/Region Quota No. Country/Region Quota 
1 Afghanistan 4 73 Lebanon 1 
2 Albania 1 74 Libya 3 
3 Algeria 3 75 Luxembourg 1 
4 Angola 1 76 Macedonia 1 
5 Argentina 5 77 Madagascar 5 
6 Armenia 2 78 Malawi 2 
7 Australia 4 79 Malaysia 22 
8 Austria 1 80 Mauritania 2 
9 Azerbaijan 5 81 Mauritius 1 
10 Bahamas 3 82 Mexico 6 
11 Bahrain 3 83 Mongolia 13 
12 Bangladesh 7 84 Montenegro 1  
13 Barbados 1 85 Morocco 6 
14 Belarus 2 86 Mozambique 4 
15 Belgium 5 87 Myanmar 16 
16 Belize 1 88 Nepal 4 
17 Benin 1 89 Netherlands 4 
18 Bolivia 3 90 New Zealand 1 
19 Bosnia and Herzegovina 1 91 Nicaragua 2 
20 Botswana 3 92 Nigeria 7 
21 Brazil 9 93 Norway 4 
22 Brunei 4 94 Oman 4 
23 Bulgaria 8 95 Pakistan 8  
24 Burundi 2 96 Palestine 3 
25 Cambodia 12 97 Panama 4 
26 Canada 6 98 Paraguay 3 
27 Canada (Quebec) 1 99 Peru 8 
28 Cape Verde 1 100 Philippines 19 
29 Chile 4 101 Poland 3 
30 China 31 102 Portugal 1 
31 Colombia 8  103 Romania 4 
32 Costa Rica 4 104 Russia 16 
33 Cote d'Ivoire 4 105 Rwanda 5 
34 Croatia 1 106 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 1 
35 Cuba 1 107 Sao Tome and Principe 1 
36 Czech Republic 4 108 Saudi Arabia 3 
37 Denmark 4 109 Senegal 4 
=====PAGE=====
 
7 
 
No. Country/Region Quota No. Country/Region Quota 
38 Dominican Republic 4 110 Serbia 4 
39 DR Congo 2 111 Singapore 9 
40 Ecuador 8 112 Slovakia 1  
41 Egypt 7 113 Slovenia 1 
42 El Salvador 4 114 Somalia 2 
43 Equatorial Guinea 1 115 South Africa 5 
44 Estonia 1 116 Spain 3 
45 Ethiopia 10 117 Sri Lanka 7 
46 Fiji 2 118 Sudan 2 
47 Finland 3 119 Suriname 1 
48 France 7 120 Sweden 4 
49 Gabon 2 121 Switzerland 1 
50 Georgia 4 122 Syria 4 
51 Germany 7 123 Taiwan 4 
52 Ghana 7 124 Tajikistan 5 
53 Greece 5 125 Tanzania 7 
54 Guatemala 2 126 Thailand 16 
55 Guyana 1 127 Timor-Leste 3 
56 Honduras 4 128 Togo 1 
57 Hong Kong 2  129 Trinidad and Tobago 3 
58 Hungary 4 130 Tunisia 6 
59 India 26 131 Turkiye 11 
60 Indonesia 33 132 Turkmenistan 7 
61 Iran 5 133 Uganda 6 
62 Iraq 5 134 Ukraine 16 
63 Ireland 1 135 United Arab Emirates 2 
64 Israel 3 136 United Kingdom 7 
65 Italy 10 137 United States of America 16 
66 Jamaica 2 138 Uruguay 1 
67 Jordan 4 139 Uzbekistan 13 
68 Kazakhstan 13 140 Venezuela 2 
69 Kenya 7 141 Vietnam 33 
70 Kyrgyzstan 9 142 Zambia 2 
71 Laos 11 143 Zimbabwe 1 
72 Latvia 1 Total 776 
* Depending on local circumstances, the Korean embassy in the inviting country may choose not to 
recommend a candidate. 
◈ Overseas Korean/Adoptee: 24 scholars from 8 countries 
No. Country Quota No. Country Quota No. Country Quota 
1 Canada 1 4 Kyrgyzstan 3 7 Ukraine 1 
2 Cuba 1 5 Norway 1 8 Uzbekistan 6 
3 Kazakhstan 7 6 Russia 4 Total 24 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
8 
 
■ University Track  
◈ General 
○ General: 160 scholars from 54 countries/ R-GKS: 480 scholars from 56 countries or regions 
No. Country 
/Region 
Quota 
No. Country 
/Region 
Quota 
General R-GKS Total General R-GKS Total 
1 Algeria 1 3 4 32 Mexico 2 14 16 
2 Armenia 1 1 2 33 Moldova 1 1 2 
3 Azerbaijan 2 1 3  34 Mongolia 6 37 43 
4 Bangladesh 3 17 20 35 Morocco - 2 2 
5 Belarus 1 1 2 36 Myanmar 7 36 43 
6 Brazil 1 5 6 37 Nepal 4 2 6 
7 Brunei 1 2 3 38 Nigeria 2 5 7 
8 Cambodia 5 21 26 39 Pakistan 2 15 17 
9 Cameroon 1 8 9 40 Peru 3 1 4 
10 Central African Republic 1 - 1 41 Philippines 16 44 60 
11 Colombia 1 7 8 42 Poland 1 3 4 
12 Costa Rica 1 1 2 43 Romania 1 1 2 
13 Egypt 3 5 8 44 Russia 5 17 22 
14 Ethiopia 3 10 13 45 Rwanda 1 4 5 
15 Georgia 1 1 2 46 Singapore 2 4 6 
16 Germany 1 1 2 47 Slovakia 1 - 1 
17 Ghana - 5 5 48 Sri Lanka 3 7 10 
18 Hungary 1 1 2  49 Sudan 1 1 2 
19 India 5 42 47 50 Taiwan - 1 1 
20 Indonesia 10 61 71 51 Tajikistan 2 2 4 
21 Iran 2 6 8 52 Tanzania 1 4 5 
22 Italy 1 1 2 53 Thailand 6 11 17 
23 Kazakhstan 5 18 23 54 Turkiye 2 5 7 
24 Kenya 1 1 2 55 Turkmenistan - 3 3 
25 Kuwait 1 - 1 56 UAE - 1 1 
26 Kyrgyzstan 7 3 10 57 Uganda 1 1 2 
27 Laos 4 3 7 58 USA -  4 4 
28 Liberia 1 - 1 59 Uzbekistan 6 6 12 
29 Lithuania 1 1 2 60 Vietnam 10 12 22 
30 Malaysia 7 9 16 Total 160 480 640 31 Mauritania 1 1 2 
 
○ Research: 5 scholars from 1 49 countries or regions  
※ Applications are available from 149 inviting countries and regions for the embassy and 
university tracks.  
  
=====PAGE=====
 
9 
 
◈ Specialization  
○ R&D: 403 scholars from all countries around the world  
No. University Department (Field of Study) Quota 
1 Ajou University 
Intelligence Semiconductor Engineering 8 
Computer Engineering 10 
2 Cheongju University Mechanical and Aeronautical Systems Engineering 3 
3 Chonnam National University 
Department of Polymer Engineering 3 
Department of Materials Science and Engineering 5 
4 Dong-A University 
Health Sciences 15 
Computer Engineering 15 
5 Ewha Womans University Pharmaceutical Sciences 5 
6 Gyeongsang National University 
Mechanical System Engineering 4 
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering 3 
Materials Engineering and Convergence Technology 10 
Energy and Mechanical Engineering 3 
Applied Life Science 3 
Chemistry 3 
7 Hannam University Advanced Materials & Chemical Engineering 5 
8 Incheon National University Bioengineering and Nano-Bioengineering 3 
9 Inje University 
Nanoscience and Engineering 8 
Digital Anti-Aging Health Care 8 
Smart food & drug: Food & Life Science 5 
Rehabilitation Science 7 
10 Jeju National University 
Mechatronics Engineering 20 
Electronic Engineering 10 
Computer Engineering 10 
11 
KAIST  
(Korea Advanced Institute of 
Science and Technology) 
Graduate School of Culture Technology 3 
Department of Biological Sciences 3 
Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 3 
Department of Nuclear and Quantum Engineering 3 
Cho Chun Shik Graduate School of Mobility 5 
Department of Aerospace Engineering 3 
Department of Chemistry 3 
12 Keimyung University Pharmacy 20 
13 Konkuk University 
Veterinary Medicine (Veterinary Microbiology & Infectious Diseases) 3 
Electrical and Electronics Engineering (Electrical Engineering) 3 
=====PAGE=====
 
10 
 
No. University Department (Field of Study) Quota 
14 Kookmin University 
Civil and Environmental Engineering 10 
Department of Mechanical Engineering 15 
Department of Electronics Engineering 15 
15 
KOREATECH (Korea 
University of Technology and 
Education) 
School of Electrical, Electronics and Communication Engineering 
(Electrical) 10 
16 Kunsan National University 
Department of AI Convergence 5 
Chemistry 5 
17 Kyungpook National University 
Agricultural Civil Engineering 5 
Mathematics 6 
18 Pukyong National University 
Dept. of Industry 4.0 Convergence Bionics Engineering 10 
Dept. of Intelligent Robot Engineering 10 
19 Pusan National University 
School of Mechanical 
Engineering 
Energy Systems 
10 
Mechanical Systems Design 
Precision Manufacturing Systems 
Intelligent Control and Automation 
Systems 
Nuclear Systems 
Department of Information 
Convergence Engineering  Computer Engineering 3 
Department of Information 
Convergence Engineering 
Computer Engineering 
10 Artificial Intelligence 
Biomedical Convergence Engineering 
20 Seoul Theological University Department of IT Convergence 10 
21 
SeoulTech  
(Seoul National University of 
Science and Technology) 
Department of Mechanical Design and Robot Engineering 3 
Department of Data Science 3 
Department of Materials Science and Engineering 10 
Department of Electrical and Information Engineering 16 
Department of Environmental Engineering 6 
22 Sogang University Computer Science and Engineering 3 
23 Sunchon National University 
Food Science and Technology 3 
Pharmacy 3 
Advanced Components and Materials Engineering 3 
Chemical Engineering 3 
24 Yeungnam University Department of Materials Science and Engineering 5 
25 Yonsei University 
Medical Science 3 
Electrical and Electronic Engineering 3 
Total (25 universities) 403 
=====PAGE=====
 
11 
 
○ Global Network: 80 scholars from all countries around the world  
No. University Department (Field of Study) Quota 
1 Ajou University International Development and Cooperation 10 
2 Gyeongkuk National University Department of Educational Technology 6 
3 Hongik University 
Design Management 6 
Arts & Cultural Management 3 
4 KDI School of Public Policy 
and Management 
Global Cooperation 
program 
Master of Public Policy 
25 Master of Development Policy 
Master of Public Management 
5 Pusan National University International Logistics & Port Management 20 
6 Seoul National University Dept. of Public Administration  
(Global Public Administration Major) 10 
Total (6 universities) 80 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
12 
 
4. ELIGIBILITY  
■ Eligibility  
◈ Nationality  
○ All applicants must hold citizenship of NIIED designated countries that are invited to take 
part in the GKS program 
 
 Applicants’ parents (or legal guardians) must hold citizenship from another 
country other than Korea. If applicants or their parent hold dual citizenship (one 
who has both Korean citizenship and citizenship of another country), such 
applicant is NOT eligible to apply  
 Applicants and their parents who had previously held Korean citizenship must 
submit documentation issued by the Korean government that proves their 
renunciation of Korean citizenship  
 If an applicant’s citizenship is changed during the selection process, he or she 
will be excluded from the evaluation. (Not applicable to International 
Organization  program)  
※ Applicants from all countries around the world can apply to International Organization program 
 
 
◈ Level of Education  
○ All applicants must have obtained the required degree (as specified below) or must be 
expected to graduate by July 31, 2026 
Program Minimum Level 
of Education 
Notes 
Degree 
Master’s Bachelor’s Degree - 
Doctoral Master’s Degree - 
Research 
Post-Doc Doctoral Degree - 
Exchange Professor Master’s Degree  Must be a current academic professor 
Professional Master’s Degree Must be a professional in a field of Education, 
Science, Culture, or International Cooperation 
 
 
- Applicants who are expected to graduate by July 31, 2026 can also apply for the program with a certificate 
of expected graduation and grades for all completed semesters at the time of application. Such 
applicants must submit their official graduation certificate (or diploma) and final academic transcript to 
GKS Center, NIIED by July 31, 2026. Failure to do so will result in the cancellation of your acceptance. 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
13 
 
◈ Grades 
○ Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of the entire curriculum from the previous degree 
program* must meet one of the conditions below; 
* For example, previous degree for a doctoral degree program applicant is a master’s degree program 
 Score percentile should be 80% or above on a 100 -point scale or be ranked in the top 
20% of one’s class  
 CGPA must be equal to or above 2.64/4.0, 2.80/4. 3, 2.91/4.5 or 3.23/5.0  
 
 Applicants must submit an academic transcript with CGPA or ranking 
information  
 If a transcript does not provide CGPA in any one of the accepted GPA scales 
(4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0 or 100 point scale), then the applicant must submit a transcript 
converted into one of the above GPA scales as a supplementary document  
 Applicants who are expec ted to graduate must submit their grades for all 
completed semesters at the time of application  
 
 
◈ Age 
○ Must be under 40 years of age (born after September 1, 1986) 
○ Current a cademic professors in one of the Official Development Assistance (ODA) 
recipients* who are under 45 years of age (born after September 1, 1981) are eligible to apply. 
* DAC List of ODA Recipients on 202 5 flows ( www.oecd.org ) 
 
◈ Language ability  
○ Applicants who are expected to complete the IRTS Korean language program by August 
2026 are eligible to apply if they have achieved a TOPIK, TOPIK IBT Level 3 or higher. 
* Accepted certificates include TOPIK results from the 93rd to the 105th exams and TOPIK IBT 
results from the 1st to the 12th exams. (Applicants who have not yet obtained a valid TOPIK 
certificate at the time of application may still apply.) 
 
◈ Health 
○ All applicants must be in good health, both mentally and physically, to study in Korea for 
the full duration of the program.  
=====PAGE=====
 
14 
 
■ Restriction  
◈ A person who has graduated (or is expected to graduate) from a 
Korean high school (including international school s in Korea ) or a  
Korean u niversity * is NOT eligible to apply  
* In accordance with Article 29 of the Higher Education Act, both undergraduate and graduate 
programs are included. 
 
 A person who has graduated from an online curriculum from a Korean high school 
or a Korean university cannot apply 
 A person who is currently in his/her final year at a Korean university cannot apply 
 
◈ A person who has previously received a scholarship from the 
Korean government is NOT eligible to apply  
○ A person who had previously enrolled at a degree program through a Korean government 
sponsored scholarship program other than the NIIED administered scholarship program 
cannot apply 
○ A GKS scholar whose scholarship was canceled after beginning a degree program 
(including the one-year Korean language course) or the IRTS Korean language program 
○ A former GKS scholar who had enrolled in a degree or research program 
 
 ‘Cancellation of Scholarship’ means a GKS scholar either withdrew from the 
program or his/her  scholarship was forfeited due to cumulative warnings, etc. 
during their scholarship period  
 A former  GKS scholar who ha d received scholarships from GKS Non -degree 
program for exchange students and IRTS Korean language program CAN apply 
 
◈ Final successful candidates of the GKS degree program  from the past 
three years who have withdrawn from the program or was disqualified 
from the program prior to enrollment cannot  apply 
 
◈ Duplicate Submission   
○ Embassy track candidates (including reserve candidates) who passed the first round of 
selection cannot apply again through a university track 
○ Embassy track applicants must apply to only ONE program among General, and Overseas 
Korean/ Adoptee program 
=====PAGE=====
 
15 
 
○ University track applicants must apply to only ONE program among General, R -GKS, 
Research, R&D or Global Network program 
* However, applicants recommended by International Organization may apply to only one program 
among General, R-GKS, Research, R&D, or Global Network under the University track, excluding 
the research program 
○ University track applicants (including a pplicants recommended by  the International 
Organization) must apply to ONE university and ONE department 
 
※ Duplicate submissions are not permitted and will be excluded from the evaluation. If 
identified at any stage of the selection process, the scholarship will be revoked. 
 
◈ Application Method  
○ (Embassy Track) Online application through the Study in Korea website (www.studyinkorea.go.kr) 
* After registering membership on the website, proceed with the application process by filling out 
the required fields and uploading the necessary documents 
○ (University Track) In person or by post only (unchanged from the previous year) 
 
- (Embassy and University Tracks) If a university requires additional documents (e.g., 
portfolio), applicants must submit those materials directly to the university 
 
 
<Applicants must check additional restrictions or eligibility set by each university> 
○ Please check if there is any additional eligibility set by each university/ department 
 All GKS scholars should achieve TOPIK level 3 to proceed to their degree program. However, some 
department of degree universities may have additional requirements (e.g., TOPIK level 4) for 
enrollment. Please be mindful about these requirements set by each university/department. If you do 
not meet these requirements and fail to enroll in the university, your scholarship will be canceled 
○ Please check the enrollment period set by each degree university/ department 
 Scholars whose Korean language program is delayed (e.g., return after a leave of absence) must check 
if their degree program is only available to start at a certain period of time. For example, if a specific 
department or major only allows students to start their first semester in September, relevant scholars 
may not be able to enroll in the degree program in March 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
16 
 
5. DOCUMENTS  TO SUBMIT 
■ List of Documents to Submit  
◈ Embassy Track   [Master’s = Mas., Doctoral = Doc./ Required = Req., Optional = Opt.]  
Type No. Application Documents Mas. Doc. Online 
application 
1st round 
successful 
candidates  
Documents 
to 
complete 
(Required) 
1 (Form 1) Application Form Req. Req. 
Fill out on 
system 
Print the 
form and 
have a 
signature 
2 (Form 2) Personal Statement Req. Req. 
3 (Form 3) Study Plan Req. Req. 
4 (Form 4) Research Proposal  
- only applicable for research program applicants N/A 
5 (Form 5) ONE Letter of Recommendation Req. Req. Upload 
scanned file 
Original 
document 
6 (Form 6) Letter of Invitation (issued by the research program university) N/A 
7 (Form 7) Korean Language Program Exemption Application 
- only applicable for current academic professor applicants Opt. Opt. 
Fill out on 
system 
Print the 
form and 
have a 
signature 
8 (Form 8) GKS Applicant Agreement Req. Req. 
9 (Form 9) Personal Medical Assessment Req. Req. 
10 (Form 10) Consent to Collect and Use Personal Information Req. Req. 
Certificates 
(Required) 
 
Must be 
Apostilled 
or 
Consular 
confirmed 
11 Applicant's/Parent(s)' Proof of Citizenship and family relationship Document Req. Req. 
Upload 
scanned file 
Original 
document 
12 Bachelor's Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) Req. Req. 
12' Bachelor's Degree Transcript Req. Req. 
13 Master's Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) N/A Req. 
13' Master's Degree Transcript N/A Req. 
14 Doctoral Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) 
- only applicable for postdoctoral research program applicants N/A 
14' Doctoral Degree Transcript 
- only applicable for postdoctoral research program applicants N/A 
15 Certificate of Employment 
- only applicable for professional under research program N/A 
16* Proof of Overseas Korean Document/Proof of Korean Adoptee Document Opt. Opt. 
Upload 
scanned file 
Original 
document 
17* Proof of Korean Citizenship Renunciation Document  
- applicant and his/her parent(s) Opt. Opt. 
18* Proof of Korean War Veteran's Descendant Opt. Opt. 
19* Certificate of Employment or certificate of Experience  
(e.g., faculty member of the International Organization partner university) Opt. Opt. 
Other 
documents 
(Optional) 
20 Score report of valid TOPIK/TOPIK IBT (Original)  or 
English Proficiency Test (copy) Opt. Opt. 
Fill out on 
system and 
upload 
scanned file 
- TOPIK: 
Original 
- English Test: 
Copy 
21 Awards and other certificates, etc. (copy) Opt. Opt. Upload 
scanned file Copy 
22 Applicant’s Passport (copy) Opt. Opt. 
=====PAGE=====
 
17 
 
◈ University Track  
Type No. Application Documents Master's Doctoral Research 
Documents 
to complete 
(Required) 
1 (Form 1) Application Form Required Required Required 
2 (Form 2) Personal Statement Required Required Required 
3 (Form 3) Study Plan Required Required N/A 
4 (Form 4) Research Proposal  
- only applicable for research program applicants N/A N/A Required 
5 (Form 5) ONE Letter of Recommendation Required Required Required 
6 (Form 6) Letter of Invitation (issued by the research program university) N/A N/A Required 
7 (Form 7) Korean Language Program Exemption Application 
- only applicable for current academic professor applicants Optional Optional N/A 
8 (Form 8) GKS Applicant Agreement Required Required Required 
9 (Form 9) Personal Medical Assessment Required Required Required 
10 (Form 10) Consent to Collect and Use Personal Information Required Required Required 
Certificates 
(Required) 
 
Must be 
Apostilled 
or 
Consular 
confirmed 
 
 
*Required for 
relevant 
applicants 
  
11 Applicant's/Parent(s)' Proof of Citizenship and family 
relationship Document Required Required Required 
12 Bachelor's Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) Required Required Required 
12' Bachelor's Degree Transcript Required Required Required 
13 Master's Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) N/A Required Required 
13' Master's Degree Transcript N/A Required Required 
14 Doctoral Graduation Certificate (or Diploma) 
- only applicable for postdoctoral research program applicants N/A N/A Required 
14' Doctoral Degree Transcript 
- only applicable for postdoctoral research program applicants N/A N/A Required 
15 Certificate of Employment 
- only applicable for professional under research program N/A N/A Required 
16* Proof of Overseas Korean Document/Proof of Korean Adoptee Document Optional Optional Optional 
17* Proof of Korean Citizenship Renunciation Document  
- applicant and his/her parent(s) Optional Optional Optional 
18* Proof of Korean War Veteran's Descendant Optional Optional Optional 
19* Certificate of Employment or certificate of Experience  
(e.g., faculty members of the International Organization partner university) Optional Optional N/A 
Other 
documents 
(Optional) 
20 Score report of valid TOPIK/TOPIK IBT (Original)  or English 
Proficiency Test (copy) Optional Optional Optional 
21 Awards and other certificates, etc. (copy) Optional Optional Optional 
22 Applicant’s Passport (copy) Optional Optional Optional 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
18 
 
■ Documentation Requirements  
◈ Documents to be submitted by Evaluation Stage  
○ Embassy Track 
 
 Documents to complete : GKS Applicant Agreement, Application form, Personal Statement, 
Study Plan, Personal Medical Assessment, Recommendation letter* 
* Recommendation letter (Download the FORM 5. from the system)  
 Required certificates: Graduation (or expected to graduate) certificate, academic transcript, 
proof of citizenship, proof of Overseas Korean document, etc. 
 
< Application documents for the FIRST round of selection (Embassy) > 
Documents to complete & Required certificates 
 
- Submission requirements: Documents uploaded to [N1]the Study in Korea System  
* Each embassy will determine whether or not to accept submitted documents. All application documents sent 
to NIIED for the second round of selection must meet the submission requirements for the second round 
of selection 
- Documents to complete: Applicants fill out on system 
* For the recommendation letter, applicants may download Form 5 from the system or use Form 5 included in 
the application form file attached along with the application guidelines. 
The recommendation letter must be completed and signed by the recommender. Applicants must upload 
a scanned copy of the signed recommendation letter to the system. 
- Required certificates: Applicants upload scanned files on system 
 
< Application documents for the SECOND round of selection (NIIED) > 
Documents to complete 
 
- Submission requirements: All forms must be filled in English or Korean with applicant’s 
original handwritten signature  
 All completed documents printed from the system must be submitted with signatures in all 
designated signature fields.  
 The original letter of recommendation must be submitted.  
 
- Number of documents to submit: ONE set of original documents  
* No need to be apostilled or consular confirmed. 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
19 
 
Required certificates 
 
- Submission requirements 
 Documents written in English or Korean: must be apostilled or consular confirmed  
 Documents written in other languages: documents written in a language other than English 
or Korean must be submitted together with a certified translation obtain apostille or consular 
confirmation on either original document or certified translation 
* If your country belongs to one of the member countries for the Apostille Convention, submit your ‘required 
certificates’ with apostille. 
 
- Number of documents to submit: ONE set of apostilled/consular confirmed documents 
 
○ University Track 
< Application documents for the FIRST round of selection (University) > 
 
Documents to complete* and Required certificates** 
 
- Submission requirements: set by each university (e.g., whether they accept 
photocopies, electronic files, documents without certified translation for the first 
round of selection) 
 
- Number of documents to submit: set by each university 
* Documents to complete: Application form, Personal Statement, Study Plan, Research Proposal, Letter of 
Recommendation, Letter of Invitation, Applicant Agreement, Personal Medical Assessment, Consent to 
Collect and Use Personal Information (Form 1~10) 
** Required certificates: Graduation certificate, academic transcript, proof of citizenship, proof of overseas 
Korean, etc. 
※ All application documents sent to NIIED for the second round  of selection must meet the 
submission requirements for the second round described in the following box 
 
< Application documents for the SECOND round of selection (NIIED) > 
 
Documents to complete 
 
- Submission requirements: All forms must be filled in English or Korean with applicant’s 
original handwritten signature * No need to be apostilled or consular confirmed. 
 
- Number of documents to submit: ONE set of original documents 
 
Required certificates 
 
- Submission requirements 
 Documents written in English or Korean: must be apostilled or consular confirmed  
 
=====PAGE=====
 
20 
 
 
 Documents written in other languages: documents written in a language other than English 
or Korean must be submitted together with a certified translation obtain apostille or consular 
confirmation on either original document or certified translation 
※ If your country belongs to one of the member countries for the Apostille Convention, 
submit your ‘required certificates’ with apostille.  
※ (Exception) Verification of Documents for Applicants Recommended by UNHCR 
- Proof of Citizenship and Family relationship : Refugee Card or Refugee Certificate 
issued by UNHCR, and identity verification documents for the applicant and their parents  
- Graduation Certificate and Academic Transcript: Applicants who are unable to obtain 
an apostille or consular confirmation for the required documents, a letter of recommendation 
issued by UNHCR must be submitted 
- Number of documents to submit: ONE set of apostilled/consular confirmed documents 
 
 
○ Application documents for the FIRST round of selection 
 All documents must be submitted in English or Korean  
 Each embassy/university may add or simplify documentation requirements at their 
own discretion *  
* Applicants should check with the embassy/university for detailed information on application submission 
 The letter of recommendation must be signed and sealed by one recommender who 
can evaluate the applicant's academic abilities. This letter must be s ubmitted along 
with the required documents in the first round of selection (universit y) 
 However, embassy -track applicants must obtain a recommendation letter using Form 
5 (downloaded from the system or from the application form file attached along with 
the application guidelines), have it completed and signed by the recommender, and 
then scan and upload it to the system for submission.  
* Examples of recommenders include a supervising professor, department head, or specialist in the 
applicant's field of study.  However, applicants recommended by International Organizati ons must 
obtain a letter of recommendation from the partner university affiliated with the International 
Organization. 
 Successful candidates of the first round must meet the submission requirements for the 
second round 
 
○ Application documents for the SECOND round of selection 
 If any of the required documents are not submitted or if any of the application forms 
are submitted without applicant’s signature, his or her application documents may be 
excluded from evaluation 
 All application materials submitted to NIIED will NOT BE RETURNED IN ANY CASE 
 If a university requires additional documents (e.g., portfolio) , applicants must submit 
those materials directly to the university 
=====PAGE=====
 
21 
 
 ◈ Requirements for each submitted  document  
Documents to 
Submit  Submission Requirement  
Proof of 
Citizenship and 
Family 
relationship  
 
- Official certificates such as birth certificate  or family register issued by a 
government that proves  family relationship between an applicant and his/her 
parents and  their citizenship 
 
 If one cannot submit necessary documents due to an absence of their parent(s) 
–e.g., divorce d or deceased – please provide additional documents (e.g., 
divorce certific ate or death certificate) that explains the reason for not 
submitting their proof of citizenship 
* Chinese applicants must submit a household register or a certificate of kinship. If the 
document is in Chinese, it must be apostilled and accompanied by a certified translation. 
 
- If applicants’ or their parents’ citizenship information is not indicated in the 
above documents, then submit valid passport copies (do not need to be apostilled 
or consular confirmed) as supplementary documents 
 
 Ethnic group, birth place, or current residency in the submitted documents are 
not accepted as a citizenship information 
 
 If passport is not available, please submit another government issued 
document (needs to be apostilled or consular confirmed) or a copy of  an ID 
card that clearly indicates citizenship information (does not need to be 
apostilled or consular confirmed) as supplementary document 
* If supplementary documents submitted in addition to a birth c ertificate or a family 
register are not reliable, such application may be put at a disadvantage during evaluation 
 
Certificate of 
Graduation  
 
- Submit a graduation certificate, degree certificate or a diploma that indicates the 
date of graduation (or degree acquisition date)  
 
- Applicants who are expected to graduate by July 31, 2026 can also apply for the 
program with a certificate of expected graduation including a date of graduation. Such 
applicants must submit their official graduation certificate (or diploma) to GKS 
Center, NIIED by July 31, 202 6. The final (official) graduation certificate (or 
diploma) must be apostilled or consular confirmed. Failure to do so will result in the 
cancellation of your acceptance. (A certificate of attendance is not valid as proof of 
graduation.) 
 
- Temporary certificates (such as temporary /provisional graduation certificates, 
completion certificates, graduation examination records, or passing certificates) 
are not considered valid or accepted as official documents. 
* Applicants who graduated from a university in China must submit an English copy of 
the degree certification report issued by CHIS (www.chsi.com.cn) and an official 
graduation certificate or degree certificate 
(Chinese documents must be translated and notarized and submitted with an apostille.) 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
22 
 
Documents to 
Submit  Submission Requirement  
Academic 
Transcript  
 
- Submit an academic transcript officially issued by the graduated university 
 
- Applicants who are expected to graduate by July 31, 202 6 must submit a 
transcript that includes all semester grades up to the time of application. In 
addition, they must submit their final academic transcript to the GKS Center, 
NIIED, by July 31, 2026, after acceptance. The final transcript must be apostilled 
or consular-confirmed.  
Failure to submit the final transcript by the required deadline will result in the 
cancellation of your acceptance. 
 
- If the CGPA is not indicated in one of the acknowledged GPA scales (4.0, 4.3, 
4.5, 5.0 or 100 point scale), submit a transcript converted into one of the above 
GPA scales as a supplementary document 
 A converted transcript is only valid whe n the relevant university officially 
confirmed the document (this supplementary document does not need to be 
apostilled or consular confirmed, but should be submitted in an original 
document with university’s authentication) 
 A transcript converted with a conversion tool such as scholaro.com or wes.org 
is only acceptable when the relevant university officially confirms the 
document (does not need to be apostilled or consular confirmed, but should be 
authenticated by the university) 
* Application without converted transcript may be put at a disadvantage during 
evaluation 
 
- Transcript indicated with a CGPA for the entire academic curriculum will be 
accepted even if it does not have GPA per semester/year 
 In such case, please put CGPA only and leave the GPA section empty in the 
application form 
* Academic transcript without a CGPA or without ranking information may be put at 
a disadvantage during evaluation 
 
- If a transcript of a transferred student that does not include the grades of the 
previous semester(s), submit an academic record of the previous university as a 
supplementary document (need to be apostilled or consular confirmed) 
 
Letter of 
Recommendation  
- The recommendation should preferably be issued by [N2]professors, department 
heads, or other relevant individuals at the applicant's university. 
(The recommendation letter should be dated within one year of the application deadline.) 
 
- Applicants recommended by the International Organization program (ADB, WB) 
must submit a recommendation letter from a partner university affiliated with the 
International Organization 
* In the case of refugee applicants, a letter of recommendation must be issued by 
the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). 
 
Proof of Overseas 
Korean or 
Adoptee  
 
- Submit supporting documents such as family register or birth certificate that 
proves family relationship between an applicant and his/her lineal ascendant  
 
=====PAGE=====
 
23 
 
Documents to 
Submit  Submission Requirement  
Proof of Korean 
Citizenship 
Renunciation  
 
- Submit supporting document issued by the Korean government that indicates 
details on the definite loss of Korean citizenship and its date. An application or a 
receipt for renunciation of Korean citizenship is not accepted 
 
Proof of Korean 
War Veteran’s 
Descendant  
- Certificate that are officially issued by the government that certifies the lineal 
ascendant of an applicant was a veteran who participated in the Korean War as a 
foreign military 
 
- Submit supporting documents such as family register or birth certificate that 
proves family relationship between an applicant and his/her lineal ascendant  
Score Report of 
Korean or English 
Proficiency Test  
- Submit if necessary (optional) 
 
- Korean: TOPIK/ TOPIK IBT 
 TOPIK certificates from the 93rd to the 105th and TOPIK IBT certificate from 
the 1st to the 12th exam will be recognized as valid certificates 
 Submit an original printed copy of TOPIK score report from the official 
website (topik.go.kr) 
 
- English: TOEFL  iBT, IELTS (the expiration date of the certificate must be 
February 28, 2026 or later) 
 Submit an original printed copy of the test score report from the official 
website 
Other Materials  
- Submit if necessary (optional) 
 
- Submit materials such as an award that can prove the applicant’s activities 
described in the personal statement and study plan. Submit in photocopied 
documents. (Do not need to be apostilled or consular confirmed)  
Passport Copy  
- Submit if necessary (optional) 
 
- Submit a passport copy as a supplementary document if the proof of citizenship 
(family register, birth certificate, etc.) does not clearly indicate citizenship 
information 
 
 
< Items to Note on Apostille (or Consular Confirmation) > 
 
 Required Certificates (refer to ‘List of Documents to Submit’ section) must be 
apostilled (or consular confirmed) 
 If your document is unable to be re-issued, please keep the original and obtain an 
apostille (or consular confirmation) on a notarized copy 
 Simple photocopies or notarized copies of the apostilled (or consular confirmed) 
documents are NOT accepted. However, a certified true copy (등본 인증) issued by 
a Korean embassy or a government agency that initially issued the original 
apostille document are accepted 
* If the document cannot be apostilled or consular confirmed (e.g., because the type 
of document is not subject to apostille), applicants must obtain a certified true copy 
=====PAGE=====
 
24 
 
(등본 인증) from the apostille issuing government authority or from the Korean 
embassy on a notarized copy. If the authenticity of the submitted document is unclear, 
such application may be put at a disadvantage during evaluation  
 
 If an applicant graduated from a third country , he or she may obtain a consular 
confirmation from the embassy of the relevant country  on the graduation 
certificate and academic transcript 
 Required certificates that are issued in digital format  must also be apostilled (or 
consular confirmed) 
 If there is an expiration date on an apostilled or consular confirmed document, the 
validity of the document will be judged based on the date indicated on the 
authentication. If there is no specific date indicated, the document will be accepted 
if it was submitted within 2 years from the date of authentication 
 
6. SELECTION  PROCEDURE  AND SCHEDULE  
■ Selection  Procedure  
 
■ Selection Schedule  
◈ Selection Timeline  
Application 
Track 
1st Round of Selection 
(Embassy, University) 
2nd Round of Selection 
 (NIIED) 3rd Round 
of Selection 
(University) 
Announcement 
of Final 
Successful 
Candidates 
(NIIED) 
Application 
Submission Evaluation Document 
Submission Evaluation 
Embassy 
Track 
Online 
Application 
deadline  
(By February 25) 
Result 
Announcement  
(By March 16)  
Arrive at NIIED 
(By April 1) 
Result 
Announcement  
(By early May)  
Result 
Announcement  
(By June 5)  
Final 
Announcement 
(Expected by 
June 30, 2026) University 
Track 
February 
~April 
Result 
Announcement  
(By April) 
Arrive at NIIED 
(By May 1) 
Result 
Announcement  
(By early June) 
- 
○ The University Track schedule has been adjusted to allow unsuccessful first-round Embassy 
Track applicants to apply again 
Embassy
Track
1st Round
of Selection
(Embassy)
→
Recommend
Candidates to
NIIED
(Embassy)
→ →
2nd Round of
Selection
(NIIED)
→
3rd Round of
Selection
(Embassy Track
Candidates)
→
Final
Announcement of
GKS Scholars
University
Track
1st Round
of Selection
(University)
→
Recommend
Candidates to
NIIED
(University)
→ →
2nd Round of
Selection
(NIIED)
→ → →
Final
Announcement of
GKS Scholars
Step 3. University NIIEDStep 1. Embassy/University Step 2. NIIED
Application
documents of
recommended
candidates
arrive at NIIED
=====PAGE=====
 
25 
 
◈ Selection Timeline with important dates and deadlines  
Announcement of  
Application Guidelines 
(NIIED) 
 ► Application Guidelines announced on “Study in Korea” website 
(www.studyinkorea.go.kr > Plan your studies > Scholarships  > 
GKS Notice) 
   
Announcement of 
1st Round Selection Schedule 
(Embassies, Universities) 
 ► Announced by each Korean embassy/university 
* (Embassy Track) Online application starts on Thursday, February 12, 
from the Study in Korea website 
   
Application Submission 
(Embassies, Universities) 
 ► Embassy track: 11am, Thu, February 12 ~ 6pm, Wed, February 25 
* All times are based on Korean Standard Time (KST) 
► University track: Application deadline are set by each university 
- Please check the university website 
   
1st Round of Selection 
(Embassies, Universities) 
 Result Announcement of the first round of selection 
► Embassy: Check results via "My Page" on Study in Korea on 
Tuesday, March 17 (KST) 
► University: set by each university 
   
Recommend Successful 
Candidates to NIIED 
(Embassies, Universities → NIIED) 
 Successful candidates’ applications and related documents arrive at NIIED 
► Embassy Track: by April 1 
► University Track: by May 1 
   
2nd Round of Selection 
(NIIED) 
 Announcement of successful candidates of the 2nd round 
(www.studyinkorea.go.kr > Plan your studies > Scholarships  > 
GKS Notice) 
► Embassy Track: early May 
► University Track: early June 
   
3rd Round of Selection 
(Universities) 
 Embassy Track applicants who pass the 2nd round of selection will 
be reviewed by three universities which they initially applied to 
► Result Announcement: by June 6 (KST) 
- Check results via My Page on the Study in Korea website 
   
Notify Applicant’s  
Choice of University 
(Successful Candidates → NIIED) 
 Embassy Track applicants who pass the 3rd round selection should 
notify their final choice of university to NIIED  
► Notification deadline: by 6pm on Friday, June 12 (KST) 
► Method: Successful candidates must log in to the Study in Korea website 
to submit their final university choice 
   
Announcement of 
2026 GKS-G Scholars  
(NIIED) 
 The final successful candidates will be announced 
(www.studyinkorea.go.kr > Plan your studies > Scholarships  > 
GKS Notice) 
► Expected announcement date: late June 
► NIIED informs the final result to Embassies and Universities 
through official documents 
   
* It is each applicant’s responsibility to check important notices posted on “Study in Korea” 
website. NIIED do not inform applicants individually of each round of selection results 
* Final results for Embassy Track applicants will be available on Study in Korea (My Page). 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
26 
 
7. APPLICATION  AND EVALUATION  
■ Application  
◈ Application Period  
○ Embassy Track: The online application period is from Thursday, February 12 at 11 am to 
Wednesday, February 25 at 6 pm [N3]from the Study in Korea website * All times are based 
on Korea Standard Time (KST) 
○ University Track: Check the website of each university 
 
※ Applicants who did not pass the first round of embassy track * may apply to a 
university track** 
 
* Successful candidates (including reserve candidate) of the embassy track cannot reapply to 
a university track 
** Such applicants must check if they can meet the application deadline at the desired 
university 
◈ Items to Note when filling out the Application Form 
 
[Both Embassy Track and University Track]  
○ Applicants must put the official name of the university/department they are applying to  
* Applicants can only apply among the universities and departments listed in the “University Information” file. 
If an incorrect department is written on an application, such application may be disqualified in the evaluation 
 
○ Applicant’s English name MUST match the name on their passport 
* Any discrepancy in applicant’s name (family, given, middle name) will cause a delay in visa processing 
 
○ Applicants must check the completeness and authenticity of all application documents 
 
○ Application documents must be submitted in the order of the “Application Checklist.” 
which itself should be the front cover of each set of application documents. Please number 
and label each document on the top right corner 
(e.g.)                      11. Bachelor’s Graduation Certificate (Consular confirmed) 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
○ All documents should be submitted as a A4 sized (or letter sized) documents 
* If a document is smaller than A4 sized (or letter sized) document, attach it on a blank A4 sized paper. If a 
document is larger than a A4 size document, fold the document into a A4 size 
 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
27 
 
[Embassy Track]  
○ Embassy track applicants must check the following when filling in desired universities 
 Applicants can select  up to THREE  different universities  
* Applicants may NOT apply to multiple departments within the same university[N4] 
 
 At least one of the selected universities must be from the Type B universities 
* If applicants fill out a Type A university in a Type B section, their application may be excluded 
from evaluation 
 
○ Please be reminded that if applicants select all three universities among highly 
competitive universities, even if they pass the second round of selection, some can fail* 
from all three universities in their final round of selection 
* 2020(52), 2021(53), 2022(57), 2023(52), 2024(86 candidates) 
 
[University Track]  
○ University track applicants should list ONE university on their application 
 
■ Evaluation  
◈ Main Points of Evaluation  
○ Review of Qualification : Selection committee will conduct document examination 
(citizenship, level of education, academic grades, etc.) and verify whether an applicant is 
qualified for the program 
○ Review of Competency: Selection committee will evaluate each applicant’s competency 
through document examination and oral interview* 
* There is no oral interview in the second round of selection at NIIED 
○ Vacancies: In both embassy and university track, if vacancies occur in the second round 
of selection at NIIED due to insufficient number of recommended candidates or  due to 
the candidate’s ineligibility, candidates from other countries may fill the vacancy 
○ Authenticity Check : If necessary, NIIED may inquire about the facts within the  
application materials to the relevant governments and universities  
 
◈ Additional Points  
○ Applicants who hold a TOPIK , TOPIK IBT level 3 or above  will be given additional 
points (10% of the total allocated points) 
○ Direct descendants of Korean War veterans who participated in the Korean War as a 
foreign military will be given additional points (10% of the total allocated points) 
○ Applicants to science and engineering departments will be given additional points (5% of 
the total allocated points) 
=====PAGE=====
 
28 
 
<Points per Language Proficiency Test > 
Test 
Points TOPIK/ TOPIK IBT TOEFL iBT IELTS 
100% of total score* Level 5 and above - - 
90% of total score Level 4 114 and above 8.0 and above 
80% of total score Level 3 95 and above 7.0 and above 
70% of total score Level 2 72 and above 6.0 and above 
60% of total score Level 1 42 and above 5.0 and above 
* The total score is based on the language proficiency score distribution criteria used by each institution.  
* If multiple score reports are submitted, only the highest score will be recognized. Only certificates valid 
as of February 28, 2026, are accepted. 
◈ Evaluation Preference  
○ Overseas Koreans 
○ Applicants from low-income families or underprivileged background 
○ Applicants who applied for a natural science and engineering department in a Regional 
(Type B) university. 
○ Applicants who are current  academic professors in a natural science and engineering  
department or in an ODA recipient country listed in APPENDIX B. 
○ Applicants who submit a high score of English proficiency test (TOEFL iBT, IELTS) 
○ Postdoctoral Research Program applicant in a natural science and engineering department. 
 
8. FINAL ANNOUNCEMENT  
■ Final Announcement  
◈ Announcement of Final Successful Candidates  
○ Each university will notify Embassy Track applicants of the 3rd round results individually 
by Friday, June 5.[N5] 
* If a candidate disqualifies from all three universities in the third round of selection, he or she will 
be excluded from the final selection 
○ Embassy Track applicants who pass the 3rd round selection should notify their final choice of 
university to NIIED via My Page on the Study in Korea website by 6pm, June 12, 2026 (KST). 
* One cannot revise the university after the final decision is made 
○ Among the successful candidates of the second round (university track) or the third round 
(embassy track), those who newly achieved TOPIK level 5 or 6 should send their TOPIK 
=====PAGE=====
 
29 
 
certificate to NIIED via email by 6pm, June 12, 2026 
○ NIIED will classify those who have obtained TOPIK level 5~6* as those who enter degree 
program. All other successful candidates will take the Korean language program 
* TOPIK certificates from the 93rd to the 105th and TOPIK IBT certificate from the 1st and the 
12th exam will be recognized as valid certificates 
○ NIIED will notify the list of final successful candidates to embassies and universities and 
post the final announcement on the Study in Korea website ( www.studyinkorea.go.kr) by 
late June  
* Final results for Embassy Track applicants will be available on Study in Korea (My Page).  
○ Final Successful Candidates will receive invitation letters and guidance on entry from NIIED 
 
■ Important Notes for Successful Candidates  
◈ Final Successful Candidates’ withdrawal  
○ If a final successful candidate wishes to withdraw from the program after the final 
announcement, he or she should submit a signed letter of scholarship renunciation (free 
format) to the recommending organization (embassy/university) 
 
○ Once a scholarship is renounced, it cannot be reversed. Final Successful Candidates who 
renounce their scholarship before the enrollment cannot reapply for the GKS program for 
the next three years. 
* The repeated case of renunciation will cause a decrease in the number of country quota in the future 
 
◈ Graduation Certificate  
○ Applicants who were expected to graduate at the time of application must submit their 
official graduation certificate (or diploma) and final academic transcript to GKS Center, 
NIIED by July 31, 2026. Failure to do so will result in the cancellation of your acceptance. 
 
< Submission Address > 
GKS Center (Selection Dept. of 2026 GKS-G) 
191 Jeongjail-ro, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 13557, Republic of Korea 
* Indicate your specific information (nationality, track, university, etc.) next to your name.  
○ Selected GKS scholars should prepare multiple copies of apostilled or consular 
confirmed graduation certificate before their entry to Korea . Scholars need to submit 
their authenticated certificate to the degree university ( for an issuance of Standard 
Admission Letter), to the embassy ( for visa issuance ), and to the Korean immigration 
office (for a renewal or an update of their status of residence in Korea)  
=====PAGE=====
 
30 
 
 
○ GKS scholars who wish to proceed to their degree program after the Korean language 
program may need to return to their home country for a certificate reissuance if the required 
documents are not prepared in advance.  
 
○ All application materials submitted to NIIED will NOT BE RETURNED IN ANY CASE. 
(Application documents must be archived at NIIED for a minimum of 5 years)  
 
◈ Final Successful Candidates residing in Korea  
○ Final successful candidates who have Korean residence visa (D -4, D-2, etc.) may not be 
able to receive a new visa for their Korean language program or degree program in Korea* 
* To avoid any visa related issues, after the final announcement, final successful candidates who are 
residing in Korea should contact the Immigration office immediately to in quire about a new visa. 
Your inquiry should entail the necessary procedure and required documents in obtaining a new visa. 
 
○ Entry airfare will NOT be provided to newly selected scholars who are residing in Korea at 
the time of the final announcement 
◈ Check applicable Laws and Regulations  
○ Final successful candidates must fully familiarize themselves with immigration and 
residency laws, academic regulations of NIIED and each academic institution 
Academic regulations of each University Refer to university website 
Visa and Immigration 
www.immigration.go.kr 
www.hikorea.go.kr 
 
◈ Entry Support to Korea  
○ Each university will purchase economy class one-way flight tickets on behalf of the selected scholars 
○ If a scholar purchases the flight ticket due to unavoidable circumstances, the airfare will be 
reimbursed by the university after entering Korea 
○ Travel expenses for entry -related transportation other than air travel, either within the 
Republic of Korea or the recipient's home country, are not covered 
○ Insurance premiums related to the process of entering Korea are not covered 
○ Entry expenses or visa application support will NOT be provided to scholars entering Korea 
from a country other than the scholar’s country of citizenship 
○ The round-trip airfare will not be provided to GKS scholars selected in China and Czech 
Republic in accordance with the agreement made between Korean government and the 
governments of two countries 
=====PAGE=====
 
31 
 
9. SCHOLARSHIP  INFORMATION  
■ Scholarship Period  
◈ Master’s Degree Program: 3 years  
○ 1 year of Korean language program + 2 years of degree program 
◈ Doctoral Degree Program: 4 years  
○ 1 year of Korean language program + 3 years of degree program 
◈ Research Program: 6 months or 1 year  
 
◈ Global Network Program: Master’s degree  within 2 years  
 
◈ Important Notes regarding  Scholarship Period  
○ Research Program, Global Network Program, scholars who have obtained TOPIK level 5 
or 6, current academic professors enrolled in a 100% English -taught program  with the 
submission of a Korean Language Exemption Application , as well as IRTS Korean 
Language Program graduates who achieved TOPIK/TOPIK IBT Level 3 or higher will be 
exempt from the Korean language program 
○ Those who receive TOPIK level 5 or 6 within the first 6 months of the Korean language 
program will be exempt from the remaining 6-month language program and must start their 
degree program in the following semester (March 2027) 
 
■ Scholarship Benefits  
 
Scholarship Airfare Tuition Korean Language 
Training Fees 
Monthly Allowance* 
* The amount is subject to 
budget availability. 
Recipient All GKS 
Scholars 
GKS Scholars in 
Degree Program 
GKS Scholars in 
Korean language 
Program 
All GKS Scholars 
Benefits 
Economy 
class flight 
ticket  
(Actual 
expense) 
Up to 5 million 
KRW 
(Admission fee is 
covered by the 
university.) 
5.2 million KRW 
(Four quarters) 
Korean language Program: 
14,400,000 KRW per year 
Degree Program:  
16,560,000 KRW per year 
Research Program: 
20,880,000 KRW per year 
* GKS Scholars who will be initially exempted from the Korean language program with TOPIK level 5 or 6 will be given 
Korean Proficiency Grants. However, this does not apply to GKS scholars in the Global Network Program, Research Program, 
current academic professors enrolled in a 100% English-taught program with the submission of a Korean Language 
Exemption Application, IRTS Korean Language Program graduates who achieved TOPIK/TOPIK IBT Level 3 or higher, or 
R&D Program applicants to 100% English-taught program 
=====PAGE=====
 
32 
 
◈ Important Notes regarding Scholarship Benefits  
○ If a GKS scholar withdraws from the scholarship within the first 3 months after the 
enrollment to their university, one MUST return the full scholarship amount that he or she 
has received after being selected as a GKS scholar  (entry airfare, settlement allowance, 
monthly allowance, tuition, etc.) 
○ Even if 3 months have passed since entering Korea, if the scholarship status changes, part 
of the already paid scholarship may be required to be repaid may be  required to be repaid 
[N6]or can be deducted from the next payment 
○ Tuition, and Korean language training fees are not provided to GKS scholars in Research Program 
○ Korean language training fees are not provided to GKS scholars in Global Network 
Program[N7], R&D Program applicants to 100% English-taught program 
○ Korean language training fee are not provided to current academic professors who apply for 
an exemption from Korean language training in a 100% English-taught program 
10. OTHER NOTES 
◈ NIIED reserves the right to disqualify any applicant for errors, 
missing required documents, or providing false information 
(including recommender details). This may lead to the immediate 
cancellation of your application.  
 
◈ The reasons for passing or fail ing at each stage of the screening 
process will not be disclosed.  
 
◈ The student is solely responsible for any visa rejection. If the visa 
is not issued within the designated entry period, the acceptance may 
be canceled.  
 
◈ Announcements for each selection  round will be posted on the 
GKS Notice board of the Study in Korea website and will not be 
communicated individually to applicants.  
○ However, recommending organizations (embassies or universities), NIIED, or other 
relevant parties may contact applicants directly for confirmation or guidance. Therefore, 
please check your email regularly. 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
33 
 
11. CONTACT  INFORMATION  
◈ Korean Embassies: Refer to Appendix C 
◈ Korean Universities: Refer to Appendix D 
◈ GKS Center at NIIED: gksniied@korea.kr   
◈ Other Useful Websites  
Korean Language Education www.sejonghakdang.org 
Korea government portal www.korea.net 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs www.mofa.go.kr 
Visa and Immigration www.immigration.go.kr 
www.hikorea.go.kr 
Higher Education in Korea www.academyinfo.go.kr 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
34 
 
APPENDIX A. GPA CONVERSION TABLE 
 
4.0 Scale 4.3 Scale 4.5 Scale 5.0 Scale 100 Points Scale 
3.97 ~ 4.0 4.26 ~ 4.3 4.46 ~ 4.5 4.95 ~ 5.00 100 
3.92 ~ 3.96 4.22 ~ 4.25 4.41 ~ 4.45 4.90 ~ 4.94 99 
3.88 ~ 3.91 4.17 ~ 4.21 4.36 ~ 4.40 4.84 ~ 4.89 98 
3.84 ~ 3.87 4.12 ~ 4.16 4.31 ~ 4.35 4.79 ~ 4.83 97 
3.80 ~ 3.83 4.08 ~ 4.11 4.26 ~ 4.30 4.73 ~ 4.78 96 
3.75 ~ 3.79 4.03 ~ 4.07 4.21 ~ 4.25 4.68 ~ 4.72 95 
3.71 ~ 3.74 3.98 ~ 4.02 4.16 ~ 4.20 4.62 ~ 4.67 94 
3.67 ~ 3.70 3.93 ~ 3.97 4.11 ~ 4.15 4.57 ~ 4.61 93 
3.62 ~ 3.66 3.89 ~ 3.92 4.06 ~ 4.10 4.51 ~ 4.56 92 
3.58 ~ 3.61 3.84 ~ 3.88 4.01 ~ 4.05 4.45 ~ 4.50 91 
3.49 ~ 3.57 3.75 ~ 3.83 3.91 ~ 4.00 4.34 ~ 4.44 90 
3.41 ~ 3.48 3.65 ~ 3.74 3.81 ~ 3.90 4.23 ~ 4.33 89 
3.32 ~ 3.40 3.56 ~ 3.64 3.71 ~ 3.80 4.12 ~ 4.22 88 
3.24 ~ 3.31 3.46 ~ 3.55 3.61 ~ 3.70 4.01 ~ 4.11 87 
3.15 ~ 3.23 3.37 ~ 3.45 3.51 ~ 3.60 3.90 ~ 4.00 86 
3.07 ~ 3.14 3.27 ~ 3.36 3.41 ~ 3.50 3.79 ~ 3.89 85 
2.98 ~ 3.06 3.18 ~ 3.26 3.31 ~ 3.40 3.68 ~ 3.78 84 
2.90 ~ 2.97 3.09 ~ 3.17 3.21 ~ 3.30 3.57 ~ 3.67 83 
2.81 ~ 2.89 2.99 ~ 3.08 3.11 ~ 3.20 3.45 ~ 3.56 82 
2.72 ~ 2.80 2.90 ~ 2.98 3.01 ~ 3.10 3.34 ~ 3.44 81 
2.64 ~ 2.71 2.80 ~ 2.89 2.91 ~ 3.00 3.23 ~ 3.33 80 
 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
35 
 
APPENDIX  B. DAC LIST OF ODA RECIPIENTS ON 2025 FLOWS 
 
 Least Developed 
Countries (LDC) 
Low income 
countries which are 
not LDCs  
(per capita GNI <= 
$1,135 in 2022) 
Lower middle 
income countries and 
territories which are 
not LDCs (per capita 
GNI $1,136 - $4,465 
in 2022) 
Upper middle income 
countries and 
territories which are 
not LDCs (per capita 
GNI $4,466 - $13,845 
in 2022) 
Asia 
Afghanistan 
Bangladesh 
Cambodia 
Laos 
Myanmar 
Nepal 
Timor-Leste 
North Korea Bhutan 
India 
Mongolia 
Pakistan 
Philippines 
Sri Lanka 
Vietnam 
China (People’s 
Republic of) 
Indonesia 
Maldives 
Malaysia 
Thailand 
Africa 
Angola 
Benin 
Burkina Faso 
Burundi 
Central African 
Republic 
Chad 
Comoros 
DR Congo 
Djibouti 
Eritrea 
Ethiopia 
Gambia 
Guinea 
Guinea-Bissau 
Lesotho 
Liberia 
Madagascar 
Malawi 
Mali 
Mauritania 
Mozambique 
Niger 
Rwanda 
Senegal 
Sierra Leone 
Somalia 
South Sudan 
Sudan 
Tanzania 
Togo 
Uganda 
Zambia 
 Algeria 
Cabo Verde 
Cameroon 
Congo 
Cote d’Ivoire 
Egypt 
Eswatini 
Ghana 
Kenya 
Morocco 
Nigeria 
Sao Tome and 
Principe 
Tunisia 
Zimbabwe 
Botswana 
Equatorial Guinea 
Gabon 
Libya 
Mauritius 
Namibia 
Saint Helena 
South Africa 
Latin 
America 
Haiti  Bolivia 
Honduras 
Nicaragua 
 
Argentina 
Belize 
Brazil 
Colombia 
Costa Rica 
Cuba 
=====PAGE=====
 
36 
 
 Least Developed 
Countries (LDC) 
Low income 
countries which are 
not LDCs  
(per capita GNI <= 
$1,135 in 2022) 
Lower middle 
income countries and 
territories which are 
not LDCs (per capita 
GNI $1,136 - $4,465 
in 2022) 
Upper middle income 
countries and 
territories which are 
not LDCs (per capita 
GNI $4,466 - $13,845 
in 2022) 
Dominica 
D omi ni c a n R e publ i c 
Ecuador 
El Salvador 
Grenada 
Guatemala 
Guyana 
Jamaica 
Mexico 
Montserrat 
Panama 
Paraguay 
Peru 
Saint Lucia 
Saint Vincent and 
the Grenadines 
Suriname 
Venezuela 
Middle 
East 
/ 
CIS 
Yemen Syrian Arab Republic Iran 
Jordan 
Kyrgyzstan 
Lebanon 
Tajikistan 
Ukraine 
Uzbekistan 
 
Albania 
Armenia 
Azerbaijan 
Belarus 
Bosnia and 
Herzegovina 
Georgia 
Iraq 
Kazakhstan 
Kosovo 
Moldova 
Montenegro 
North Macedonia 
Serbia 
Turkiye 
Turkmenistan 
W e s t  B a nk a nd G a z a 
S t ri p (P a l e s t i ne ) 
Oceania 
Kiribati 
Solomon Islands 
Tuvalu 
 Micronesia 
Papua New Guinea 
Samoa 
Tokelau 
Vanuatu 
Fiji 
Marshall 
Islands 
Nauru 
Niue 
Palau 
Tonga 
Wallis and Futuna 
Total 140 countries 
=====PAGE=====
 
37 
 
APPENDIX C. CONTACTS OF KOREAN EMBASSIES 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
1 Afghanistan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Afghanistan 
974-4463-9555  kabul@mofa.go.kr 
2 Albania 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Greece 
30-210-698-4080 30-210-698-4082 gremb@mofa.go.kr 
3 Algeria 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Algeria 
213-21-54-65-55 213-21-54-60-70 koemal@mofa.go.kr 
4 Angola 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Angola 
244-222-006-067 244-222-006-066 kore mba s s y_a ngol a @ mofa . go.k r 
5 Antigua and 
Barbuda 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Dominican 
Republic 
1-809-482-6505 1-809-482-6504 embcod@mofa.go.kr 
6 Argentina 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Argentina 
54-11-4802-8062 54-11-4803-6993 argentina@mofa.go.kr 
7 Armenia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Russia 
7-495-783-2727 7-495-783-2777; 
2797 embru@mofa.go.kr 
8 Australia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Australia 
61-2-6270-4100 61-2-6273-4839 australia@mofa.go.kr 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Sydney 
61-2-9210-0200 
61-2-9261-8033 
61-2-9210-0202 
61-2-9261-8444 
consyd@mofa.go.kr 
consyd7@gmail.com 
9 Austria 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Austria 
43-1-478-1991 43-1-478-1013 mail@koreaemb.at 
10 Azerbaijan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Azerbaijan 
994-12-596-7901 994-12-596-7904 azeremb@mofa.go.kr 
11 Bahamas 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Dominican 
Republic 
1-809-482-6505 1-809-482-6504 embcod@mofa.go.kr 
12 Bahrain 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Bahrain 
973-1753-1120 973-1753-1140, 
0577 
koreanembassy.bahrain@gmail
.com 
13 Bangladesh 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Bangladesh 
880-2-881-
2088~90 880-2-882-3871 embdhaka@mofa.go.kr 
14 Barbados 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Trinidad and 
Tobago 
1-868-622-9081; 
1069 1-868-628-8745 trinidad@mofa.go.kr 
koremb.tt@gmail.com 
15 Belarus 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Belarus 
375-17-306-
0147~9 375-17-306-0160 belemb@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
38 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
16 Belgium 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Belgium 
32-2-675-5777 32-2-675-5221 eukorea@mofa.go.kr 
17 Belize 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in El Salvador 
503-2263-9145 503-2263-0783 embcorea@mofa.go.kr 
18 Benin 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ghana 
233-30-277-6157 233-30-277-2313 ghana@mofa.go.kr 
19 Bolivia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Bolivia 
591-2-211-
0361~3 591-2-211-0365 coreabolivia@mofa.go.kr 
20 Bosnia and 
Herzegovina 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Croatia 
385-1-4821-282 385-1-482-1274 croatia@mofa.go.kr 
21 Botswana 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in South Africa 
27-12-460-2508 27-12-460-1158 embsa@mofa.go.kr 
22 Brazil 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Brazil 
55-61-3321-2500 55-61-3321-2508 emb-br@mofa.go.kr 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Sao Paulo 
55-11-3141-1278 
55-11-3229-4877 55-11-3141-1279 cscoreia@mofa.go.kr 
keisp@daum.net 
23 Brunei 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Brunei 
673-233-0248 673-233-0254 brunei@mofa.go.kr 
24 Bulgaria 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Bulgaria 
359-2-971-2181 359-2-971-3388 korean-
embassy@mofa.go.kr 
25 Burkina Faso 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cote d'Ivoire 
225-2248-
6701;6703 225-2248-6757 ambcoabj@mofa.go.kr 
26 Burundi 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Rwanda 
250-252-577-577 250-252-572-127 koremb-
rwanda@hotmail.com 
27 Cabo Verde 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Senegal 
221-33-824-06-72 221-33-824-06-95 senegal@mofa.go.kr 
28 Cambodia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cambodia 
855-23-211-900 855-23-219 200 cambodia@mofa.go.kr 
29 Cameroon 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cameroon 
237-222-203-891  cameroon@mofa.go.kr 
30 Canada 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Canada 
1-613-244-5010 1-613-244-5034 canada@mofa.go.kr 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Toronto 
1-416-920-3809 1-416-924-7305 toronto@mofa.go.kr 
koreducation@gmail.com 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Montreal 
1-514-845-2555 1-514-845-1119 montreal@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
39 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
31 Central African 
Republic 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cameroon 
237-222-203-891  cameroon@mofa.go.kr 
32 Chile 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Chile 
56-2-2228-4214 56-2-2206-2355 embajadadecoreaenchile@
gmail.com 
33 China 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in China 
86-10-8531-0700 86-10-8531-0726 chinaconsul@mofa.go.kr 
34 Colombia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Colombia 
571-616-7200 571-610-0338 embacorea@mofa.go.kr 
35 
Common 
Wealth of 
Dominica 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Dominican 
Republic 
1-809-482-6505 1-809-482-6504 embcod@mofa.go.kr 
36 Costa Rica 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Costa Rica 
506-2220-3160 506-2220-3168 koco@mofa.go.kr 
37 Cote d'Ivoire 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cote d'Ivoire 
225-2248-6701; 
6703 225-2248-6757 ambcoabj@mofa.go.kr 
38 Croatia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Croatia 
385-1-4821-282 385-1-482-1274 croatia@mofa.go.kr 
39 Cuba 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Mexico 
52-55-5202-9866 52-55-5540-7446 embcoreamx@mofa.go.kr 
40 Czech Republic 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Czech Republic 
420-234-090-411 420-234-090-450 czech@mofa.go.kr 
41 Denmark 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Denmark 
45-39-46-04-00 45-39-46-04-22 korembdk@mofa.go.kr 
42 Dominican 
Republic 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Dominican 
Republic 
1-809-482-6505 1-809-482-6504 embcod@mofa.go.kr 
43 DR Congo 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in DR Congo 
243-1-503-
5001~4 243-1-505-0005 amb-congo@mofa.go.kr 
44 Ecuador 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ecuador 
593-2-290-9227 ~ 
9229 593-2250-1190 ecuador@mofa.go.kr 
45 Egypt 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Egypt 
20-2-3761-
1234~7 20-2-3761-1238 egypt@mofa.go.kr 
46 El Salvador 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in El Salvador 
503-2263-9145 503-2263-0783 embcorea@mofa.go.kr 
47 Equatorial 
Guinea 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
Equatorial Guinea 
240-333-090-775  malabo@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
40 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
48 Estonia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Estonia 
372-604-0100  koremb_est@mofa.go.kr 
49 Ethiopia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ethiopia 
251-11-3-72-81-
11~14 
251-11-3-72-81-
15 ethiopia@mofa.go.kr 
50 Fiji 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Fiji 
679-330-0977 679-330-8059 korembfj@mofa.go.kr 
51 Finland 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Finland 
358-9-251-5000 358-9-2515-0055 korembfi@mofa.go.kr 
52 France 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in France 
33-01-4753-0101 33-1-47-53-01-78 con-fr@mofa.go.kr 
53 Gabon 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Gabon 
241-0173-4000 241-0173-9905 gabon-
ambcoree@mofa.go.kr 
54 Gambia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Senegal 
221-33-824-0672 221-33-824-0695 senegal@mofa.go.kr 
55 Georgia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Georgia 
995-32-297-03-
18; 20 995-32-242-74-40 georgia@mofa.go.kr 
56 Germany 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Frankfurt 
49-69-9567-5231 49-69-5600-3987 keid@mofa.or.kr 
57 Ghana 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ghana 
233-30-277-6157 233-30-277-2313 ghana@mofa.go.kr 
58 Greece 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Greece 
30-210-698-4080 30-210-698-4082 gremb@mofa.go.kr 
59 Grenada 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
Trinidad and Tobago 
1-868-622-9081; 
1069 1-868-628-8745 trinidad@mofa.go.kr 
60 Guatemala 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Guatemala 
502-2382-4051 502-2382-4057 korembsy@mofa.go.kr, 
embcor.gt@mofa.go.kr 
61 Guyana 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Venezuela 
58-212-954-1270 58-212-954-0619 venezuela@mofa.go.kr 
62 Honduras 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Honduras 
504-2235-5561~3 504-2235-5564 coreaembajada@mofa.go.kr 
63 Hong Kong 
Consulate General of 
the Republic of 
Korea in Hong Kong 
852-2529-4141 852-2861-3699 hkg-info@mofa.go.kr 
64 Hungary 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Hungary 
36-1-462-3080 36-1-351-1182 hungary@mofa.go.kr 
65 India 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in India 
91-11-4200-7000 91-11-2688-4840 india@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
41 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
66 Indonesia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Indonesia 
62-21-2967-2555 62-21-2967-2556, 
2557 koremb_in@mofa.go.kr 
67 Iran 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Iran 
98-21-8805-
4900~4 98-21-8805-4899 emb-ir@mofa.go.kr 
68 Iraq 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Iraq 
964-77-0725-
2006 
 kembiraq@mofa.go.kr 
69 Ireland 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ireland 
353-1-660 8800 353-1-660-8716 irekoremb@mofa.go.kr 
70 Israel 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Israel 
972-9-951-0318 972-9-956-9853 israel@mofa.go.kr 
71 Italy 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Italy 
39-06-8024-61 39-06-8024-6259 consul-it@mofa.go.kr 
72 Jamaica 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Jamaica 
1-876-924-2731 1-876-924-7325 jamaica@mofa.go.kr 
73 Jordan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Jordan 
962-6-593-
0745~6 962-6-593-0280 jordan@mofa.go.kr 
74 Kazakhstan 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Almaty 
7-727-291-0490 7-727-291-0399 almakorea@mofa.go.kr 
75 Kenya 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Kenya 
254-20-361-5000 254-20-374-1337 emb-ke@mofa.go.kr 
76 Kyrgyz Republic 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Kyrgyz Republic 
996-312-579-771 996-312-579-774 korea.kg@gmail.com 
77 Laos 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Laos 
856-21-352-
031~3 856-21-352-035 laos@mofa.go.kr 
78 Latvia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Latvia 
371-6732-4274 371-6780-9190 koremb.lv@mofa.go.kr 
79 Lebanon 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Lebanon 
961-5-953-167~9 961-5-953-170 lbkor@mofa.go.kr 
80 Liberia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Nigeria 
234-9- 461-2701 234-9- 461-2702 emb-ng@mofa.go.kr 
81 Libya 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Libya 
218-21-483-
1322/1323/ 218-21-483-1324 libya@mofa.go.kr 
82 Lithuania 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Poland 
48-22-559-
2900~04 48-22-559-2905 koremb_waw@mofa.go.kr 
83 Luxembourg 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Luxembourg 
352-2699-7012  luxemb@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
42 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
84 Macedonia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Bulgaria 
359-2-971-2181 359-2-971-3388 korean-
embassy@mofa.go.kr 
85 Madagascar 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Madagascar 
261-20-222-2933 261-20-224-9970 ambcoreemg@mofa.go.kr 
86 Malawi 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Zimbabwe 
263-4-756-541~4 263-4-756-554 admirok@zol.co.zw 
87 Malaysia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Malaysia 
603-4251-2336 603-4252-1425 korem-my@mofa.go.kr 
88 Mauritania 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Morocco 
212-537-75-1767 212-537-75-0189 morocco@mofa.go.kr 
89 Mauritius 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Madagascar 
261-20-222-2933 261-20-224-9970 ambcoreemg@mofa.go.kr 
90 Mexico 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Mexico 
52-55-5202-9866 52-55-5540-7446 embcoreamx@mofa.go.kr 
91 Moldova 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ukraine 
380-44-246-3759; 
61 380-44-246-3757 koremb@mofa.go.kr 
92 Mongolia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Mongolia 
976-7007-1020 976-7007-1021 kormg@mofa.go.kr 
93 Montenegro 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Serbia 
381-11-3674-225 381-11-3674-229 koreanembsb@hotmail.co.kr 
94 Morocco 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Morocco 
212-537-75-1767 212-537-75-0189 morocco@mofa.go.kr 
95 Mozambique 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Mozambique 
258-21-495-625 258-21-495-638 embassy_mz@mofa.go.kr 
96 Myanmar 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Myanmar 
95-1-527-142 95-1-513-286 myanmar@mofa.go.kr 
97 Nepal 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Nepal 
977-1-427-0172 977-1-427-2041 konepemb@mofa.go.kr 
98 Netherlands 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Netherlands 
31-70-740-0200 31-70-350-4712 koreanembassynl@mofa.go.kr 
99 New Zealand 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in New Zealand 
64-4-473-9073~4 64-4-472-3865 info-nz@mofa.go.kr 
Consulate of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Auckland 
64-9-379-0818 
64-9-303-2625 64-9-373-3340 auckland@mofa.go.kr 
nzkoreanedu@gmail.com 
100 Nicaragua 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Nicaragua 
505-2267-6777 505-2254-8131 nicaragua@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
43 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
101 Niger 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Cote d'Ivoire 
225-2248-6701; 
6703 225-2248-6757 ambcoabj@mofa.go.kr 
102 Nigeria 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Nigeria 
234-9- 461-2701 234-9- 461-2702 emb-ng@mofa.go.kr 
103 Norway 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Norway 
47-2254-7090 47-2256-1411 kornor@mofa.go.kr 
104 Oman 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Oman 
968-2469-1490~2 968-2469-1495 emboman@mofa.go.kr 
105 Pakistan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Pakistan 
92-51-227-
9380~1; 5~7 92-51-227-9391 pakistan@mofa.go.kr 
106 Palestine Korean Mission in 
Palestine 
972-2-240-
2846~7 972-2-240-2848 palestine@mofa.go.kr 
107 Panama 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Panama 
507-264-8203; 
8360 507-264-8825 panama@mofa.go.kr 
108 Paraguay 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Paraguay 
595-21-605-606; 
401; 419 595-21-601-376 paraguay@mofa.go.kr 
109 Peru 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Peru 
51-1-632-5000 51-1-632-5010 peru@mofa.go.kr 
110 Philippines 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Philippines 
63-2-856-9210 63-2-856-9008 philippines@mofa.go.kr 
111 Poland 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Poland 
48-22-559-
2900~04 48-22-559-2905 koremb_waw@mofa.go.kr 
112 Portugal 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Portugal 
351-21-793-
7200~3 351-21-797-7176 embpt@mofa.go.kr 
113 Romania 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Romania 
40-21-230-7198 40-21-230-7629 romania@mofa.go.kr 
114 Russia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Russia 
7-495-783-2727 7-495-783-2777; 
2797 embru@mofa.go.kr 
115 Rwanda 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Rwanda 
250-252-577-577 250-252-572-127 koremb-
rwanda@hotmail.com 
116 Saint Kitts and 
Nevis 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Dominican 
Republic 
1-809-482-6505 1-809-482-6504 embcod@mofa.go.kr 
117 Saint Lucia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
Trinidad and Tobago 
1-868-622-9081; 
1069 1-868-628-8745 trinidad@mofa.go.kr 
118 Saint Vincent and 
the Grenadines 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
Trinidad and Tobago 
1-868-622-9081; 
1069 1-868-628-8745 trinidad@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
44 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
119 Sao Tome 
Principe 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Gabon 
241-0173-4000 241-0173-9905 gabon-
ambcoree@mofa.go.kr 
120 Saudi Arabia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Saudi Arabia 
966-11-488-2211 966-11-488-1317 emsau@mofa.go.kr 
121 Senegal 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Senegal 
221-33-824-0672 221-33-824-0695 senegal@mofa.go.kr 
122 Serbia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Serbia 
381-11-3674-225 381-11-3674-229 koreanembsb@hotmail.co.kr 
123 Sierra Leone 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Nigeria 
234-9- 461-2701 234-9- 461-2702 emb-ng@mofa.go.kr 
124 Singapore 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Singapore 
65-6256-1188 65-6254-3191 korembsg@mofa.go.kr 
125 Slovakia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Slovakia 
421-2-3307-0711 421-2-3307-0730 admin2@rokembassy.sk 
126 Slovenia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Slovenia 
386-1-432-2120  rokemb_si@mofa.go.kr 
127 Somalia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Kenya 
254-20-361-5000 254-20-374-1337 emb-ke@mofa.go.kr 
128 South Africa 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in South Africa 
27-12-460-2508 27-12-460-1158 embsa@mofa.go.kr 
129 Spain 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Spain 
34-91-353-2000 91-353-2001 embspain.adm@mofa.go.kr 
130 Sri Lanka 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Sri Lanka 
94-11-269-
9036~8 94-11-269-6699 korembsl@mofa.go.kr 
131 Sudan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Sudan 
20-2-2754-
7340~1,3 20-2-2754-7342 sudan@mofa.go.kr 
132 Suriname 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Venezuela 
58-212-954-1270; 
1006; 1139 58-212-954-0619 venezuela@mofa.go.kr 
133 Sweden 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Sweden 
46-8-5458-9400 46-8-660-2818 koremb.sweden@mofa.go.kr 
134 Switzerland 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Switzerland 
41-31-356-2444 41-31-356-2450 swiss@mofa.go.kr 
135 Syria 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Lebanon 
961-5-922-846 961-5-953-170 lbkor@mofa.go.kr 
136 Taiwan Korean Mission in 
Taipei 
886-2-2758-
8320∼5 886-2-2757-7006 taipei@mofa.go.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
45 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
137 Tajikistan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Tajikistan 
992-44-600-2114; 
9116 992-37-224-6142 tajik@mofa.go.kr 
138 Tanzania 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Tanzania 
255-22-211-
6086~8 255-22-211-6099 embassy-tz@mofa.go.kr 
139 Thailand 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Thailand 
662-247-7537∼9 662-247-7535 koembth@mofa.go.kr 
140 Timor-Leste 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Timor-Leste 
670-332-1635 670-332-1636 koreadili@mofa.go.kr 
141 Togo 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ghana 
233-30-277-6157 233-30-277-2313 ghana@mofa.go.kr 
142 Trinidad and 
Tobago 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
Trinidad and Tobago 
1-868-622-9081; 
1069 1-868-628-8745 trinidad@mofa.go.kr 
koremb.tt@gmail.com 
143 Tunisia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Tunisia 
216-71-799-905 216-71-791-923 tunisie@mofa.go.kr 
144 Turkiye 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Turkiye 
90-312-468-4822 90-312-468-2279 turkey@mofa.go.kr 
145 Turkmenistan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Turkmenistan 
993-12-94-72-
86~8 993-12-94-72-89 korembtm@mofa.go.kr 
146 Uganda 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Uganda 
256-414-500-
197~8 
256-414-500-199  
256-781-354-605 emb.kampala@mofa.go.kr 
147 UK 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in UK 
44-20-7227-5500 44-20-7227-5503 koreanembinuk@mofa.go.kr 
148 Ukraine 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Ukraine 
380-44-246-3759; 
61 380-44-246-3757 koremb@mofa.go.kr 
149 United Arab 
Emirates 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea in 
United Arab Emirates 
971-2-441-1520 971-2-641-6380 uae@mofa.go.kr 
150 Uruguay 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Uruguay 
598-2628-9374~5 598-2628-9376 koemur@mofa.go.kr 
 
151 U.S.A. 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in the USA 
202-939-5600 202-797-0595 - 
Chicago Korean 
Education Center 847-777-8830  kec.chicago@gmail.com 
Houston Korean 
Education Center 713-961-4104 713-961-4135 hkecsec@gmail.com 
Korean Education 
Center in L.A. 213-386-3112~3 213-386-3138 kecla3112@gmail.com 
Korean Education 
Center of New York 646-674-6051 646-674-6055 edu@koreanconsulate.org 
=====PAGE=====
 
46 
 
No. Country/Region Office Phone Fax E-mail 
Korean Education 
Center in San 
Francisco 
415-590-4058 415-921-5946 sfkcgedu@mofa.go.kr 
Korean Education 
Center in 
Washington D.C. 
202-939-5681 202-265-2127 education.office@mofa.go.kr 
Korean Education 
Center in Atlanta 470-375-7186 - educenteratl2017@gmail.com 
152 Uzbekistan 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Uzbekistan 
998-71-252-
3151~3 998-71-140-0248 uzkoremb@mofa.go.kr 
153 Venezuela 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Venezuela 
58-212-954-1270; 
1006; 1139 58-212-954-0619 venezuela@mofa.go.kr 
 
154 Vietnam 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Vietnam 
84-4-3831-
5110~6 84-4-3831-5117 korembviet@mofa.go.kr 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Ho Chi 
Minh City 
84-28-3824-2593 
84-28-3920-1274 84-28-3829-1207 hcm02@mofa.go.kr 
klechhcm@gmail.com 
Consulate General 
of the Republic of 
Korea in Danang 
84-23-6356-6100 84-23-6356-6105 danang@mofa.go.kr 
155 Zambia 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Zimbabwe 
263-4-756-541~4 263-4-756-554 zim@mofa.go.kr 
156 Zimbabwe 
Embassy of the 
Republic of Korea 
in Zimbabwe 
263-4-756-541~4 263-4-756-554 zim@mofa.go.kr 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
47 
 
APPENDIX D. CONTACTS OF UNIVERSITIES 
[General] 
No. Type University Department Phone(+82) E-mail 
1 A Ajou University 
Graduate School of 
International Studies 31-219-1551 gsis_admission@ajou.ac.kr 
General Graduate 
School 31-219-2304 grad@ajou.ac.kr 
2 B Baekseok University Office of 
International Affairs 41-550-2064 2020155@bu.ac.kr 
3 B Busan University of 
Foreign Studies 
International Affairs 
Office 051-509-5323 20256866@bufs.ac.kr 
4 B Changwon National 
University International Affairs 55-213-2633 admission@changwon.ac.kr 
5 B Cheongju University International Affairs 
Team 43-229-7425 korea@cju.ac.kr 
6 B Chonnam National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 62-530-1277 cnugks@jnu.ac.kr 
7 B Chosun University International Affairs 
Team - admission@chosun.ac.kr 
8 A Chung-Ang University 
Graduate School 2-820-6744 gsadmin@cau.ac.kr 
Graduate School of 
International Studies 2-820-6477 gsis@cau.ac.kr 
Graduate School of 
Business 2-820-5036 caumba@cau.ac.kr 
9 B Chungbuk National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 43-249-1867 jk.oia@chungbuk.ac.kr 
10 B Chungnam National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 42-821-8823 cnugks@cnu.ac.kr 
11 A 
Daegu Gyeongbuk 
Institute of Science and 
Technology (DGIST) 
Graduate School 53-785-5500 admission@dgist.ac.kr 
12 B Daegu University Office of Graduate 
School 
53-850-5037, 
5038 grad@daegu.ac.kr 
13 B Daejeon University International 
Relations Office 42-280-2182 nayeon@dju.kr 
14 A Dankook University Administration Office 
of Graduate School 31-8005-2210 dkugrad@dankook.ac.kr 
15 B Dong-A University Office of 
International Affairs 51-200-6442 bk1016@dau.ac.kr 
16 A Dongguk University Office of 
International Students 2-2260-3440 kgsp@dongguk.edu 
17 B Dongseo University International 
Exchange Center 51-320-2746 junhohan@gdsu.dongseo.ac.kr 
18 A Duksung Women's 
University Graduate School 2-901-8149 graduate@duksung.ac.kr 
19 A Ewha Womans 
University 
The Graduate School 
of International Studies 2-3277-3652 gsis@ewha.ac.kr 
Graduate School 2-3277-6988 rachel.law@ewha.ac.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
48 
 
No. Type University Department Phone(+82) E-mail 
20 A GIST (Gwangju Institute of 
Science and Technology) 
Section of Graduate 
Admissions 62-715-3951 admis@gist.ac.kr 
21 B Gyeongkuk National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 54-820-7101 anuglobal@gknu.ac.kr 
22 B Gyeongsang National 
University 
Office of International 
& External 
Cooperation 
55-772-0273 gnugks@gnu.ac.kr 
23 A Hankuk University of 
Foreign Studies 
Graduate School of 
International and 
Area Studies 
2-2173-2449 gks_gsias@hufs.ac.kr 
Graduate School 2-2173-2387 kgsp_gs@hufs.ac.kr 
24 B Hannam University Graduate school 
office 42-629-8123 hnugra@hnu.kr 
25 A Hanyang University Office of 
International Affairs - gksadmission@hanyang.ac.kr 
26 A Hanyang University 
ERICA 
Office of 
International Affairs 
31-400-
0791~0795 studyerica@hanyang.ac.kr 
27 A Hongik University Academic Affairs, 
Graduate School 2-320-1253 gradsch@hongik.ac.kr 
28 B Hoseo University International Affairs 
Team 41-540-9522 jihyekim@hoseo.edu 
29 A Incheon National 
University INU Graduate School 32-835-8014 gradinu@inu.ac.kr 
30 A Inha University Graduate School of 
Logistics 32-860-8226 sooji@inha.ac.kr 
31 B Inje University Office of 
International Affairs 55-320-3605 gksapply@inje.ac.kr 
32 B Jeju National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 64-754-2198 intl1@jejunu.ac.kr 
33 B Jeonbuk National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 63-270-4757 kgsp@jbnu.ac.kr 
34 A 
KAIST (Korea Advanced 
Institute of Science and 
Technology) 
Graduate Admissions 
Team 
42-350-2352, 
2357 advanced.adm@kaist.ac.kr 
35 B 
Kangwon National 
University (Samcheok 
·  Dogye Campus) 
Office of 
International Affairs 33-570-6891 applyknu@kangwon.ac.kr 
Kangwon National 
University (Chuncheon 
Campus) 
Office of 
International Affairs 33-250-7194 intn1947@kangwon.ac.kr 
36 A KDI School of Public 
Policy and Management Admissions Office 44-550-1263 gksadm@kdischool.ac.kr 
37 B Keimyung University Graduate School 
Office 53-580-6254 cyy@kmu.ac.kr 
38 B Kongju National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 41-850-8055 gks_oia@kongju.ac.kr 
39 A Konkuk University 
Center for International 
Student Services, Office 
of International Affairs 
2-2049-6224 kgsp@konkuk.ac.kr 
40 B Konyang University Office of 
International Affairs 41-730-5134 kyuintl@konyang.ac.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
49 
 
No. Type University Department Phone(+82) E-mail 
41 A Kookmin University International Affairs 
Division 2-910-5835 gksa@kookmin.ac.kr 
42 A Korea University Graduate School 
Administration Office 2-3290-1358 graduate1@korea.ac.kr 
43 B 
KOREATECH (Korea 
University of Technology 
and Education) 
External Affairs 
Team 41-560-1022 inter@koreatech.ac.kr 
44 B Kunsan National 
University 
Institute of International 
Exchange & Language 
Education 
63-469-4928 ksnugks@kunsan.ac.kr 
45 A KyungHee University Global admission 
team 
2-961-9286~7, gks_adm@khu.ac.kr 
31-201-3961~4 ciss_gc@khu.ac.kr 
46 B Kyungpook National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs 53-950-2436 gks2000@knu.ac.kr 
47 B Kyungsung University International 
Programs Office 51-663-4062 ksb08@ks.ac.kr 
48 B Kyungwoon University Office of 
International Affairs 54-479-1059 intl@ikw.ac.kr 
49 B Mokwon University International 
Cooperation 42-829-7132 clem90@mokwon.ac.kr 
50 A National Cancer Center 
Graduate School 
Office of Academic and 
Student Affairs Team 31-920-2752 adm_gcsp@ncc.re.kr 
51 B Pai Chai University Office of Graduate 
School 42-520-5262 cherrylub@pcu.ac.kr 
52 A 
POSTECH (Pohang 
University of Science 
and Technology) 
Admissions 54-279-3783 dyahn@postech.ac.kr 
53 B Pukyong National 
University GKS Team 51-629-6846 gks-admission@pknu.ac.kr 
54 B Pusan National 
University 
Office of 
International Affairs ? gksapply@pusan.ac.kr 
55 A Sejong University Admissions Team 2-6935-2645 intadmission@sejong.ac.kr 
56 B Semyung University Office of 
International Affairs 43-649-1182 intl@semyung.ac.kr 
57 A Seokyeong University GKS Center 2-940-2958 skugks@skuniv.ac.kr 
58 A Seoul National 
University Office of Admissions 2-880-6971 snuadmit2@snu.ac.kr 
59 A 
Seoul National University 
of Science and 
Technology (SeoulTech) 
International Affairs 2-970-9223 admission@seoultech.ac.kr 
60 B Silla University Office of 
International Affairs 51-999-5516 interpro2@silla.ac.kr 
61 A Sogang University 
General Graduate 
School 
2-705-8168, 
8169 gradsch@sogang.ac.kr 
Graduate School of 
International Studies 2-705-8756 gsisapply@sogang.ac.kr 
62 A Sookmyung Women's 
University 
GKS Graduate 
Admissions 2-710-9817 admission@sookmyung.ac.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
50 
 
No. Type University Department Phone(+82) E-mail 
63 B Soonchunhyang 
University Global Support Team 41-530-1177, 
1180 gradu.gs@sch.ac.kr 
64 A Soongsil University Graduate School 2-820-0255 
grad@ssu.ac.kr 
sunlim@ssu.ac.kr 
65 B Sun Moon University International Support 
Team 
41-530-2073, 
2074 istudent@sunmoon.ac.kr 
66 B Sunchon National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs and Education 61-750-3147 411024@scnu.ac.kr 
67 A Sungkyunkwan 
University 
Office of International 
Student Services 2-760-0014 intlgrad@skku.edu 
68 A Sungshin Women's 
University 
Office of Graduate 
School 2-920-7058 gras@sungshin.ac.kr 
69 A 
The Graduate School of 
Korean Studies, The 
Academy of Korean Studies 
Office of Academic 
and Student Affairs 
31-730-8183, 
8187 admission_intl@aks.ac.kr 
70 B Tongmyong University Office of 
International Affairs 51-629-3018 chaepari@tu.ac.kr 
71 A 
UNIST (Ulsan National 
Institute of Science and 
Technology) 
UNIST Graduate 
Admissions Team 52-217-1190 adm-c@unist.ac.kr 
72 A University of Seoul 
International 
Admissions Team (GKS 
Graduate Program) 
2-6490-6662, 
6654 uosgks@uos.ac.kr 
73 B University of Ulsan International Office 52-220-5953 uouinternational@naver.com 
74 B Wonkwang University Office of 
International Affairs 
63-850-5752, 
5843 bon5752@wku.ac.kr 
75 B Yeungnam University International Student 
Services Team 53-810-7883 yuiss@yu.ac.kr 
76 A Yonsei University 
The Office of 
Academic Affairs 2-2123-8458 ysgrad@yonsei.ac.kr 
Graduate School of 
International Studies 2-2123-8484 gsis@yonsei.ac.kr 
 
[Specialization] 
No. Type University Department Phone (+82) E-mail 
1 R&D Ajou University General Graduate 
School 31-219-2304 grad@ajou.ac.kr 
2 R&D Cheongju 
University International Affairs 43-299-7425 Korea@cju.ac.kr 
3 R&D Chonnam National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs 62-530-1277 cnugks@jnu.ac.kr 
4 R&D Dong-A University Office of International 
Affairs 51-200-6442 bk1016@dau.ac.kr 
5 R&D Ewha Womans 
University Graduate School 2-3277-6988 rachel.law@ewha.ac.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
51 
 
No. Type University Department Phone (+82) E-mail 
6 R&D Gyeongsang 
National University 
Office of International 
& External Cooperation 55-772-0273 jinara0925@gnu.ac.kr 
7 R&D Hannam University Graduate School 
Academic Affairs Team 42-629-7221 hnugra@hnu.kr 
8 R&D Incheon University Graduate School Office 32-835-8014 gradinu@inu.ac.kr 
9 R&D Inje University Office of International 
Affairs 55-320-3605 gksapply@inje.ac.kr 
10 R&D Jeju National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs 64-754-2198 intl1@jejunu.ac.kr 
11 R&D Keimyung 
University Graduate School Office 53-580-6254 cyy@kmu.ac.kr 
12 R&D Konkuk University Center for International 
Student Services 2-2049-6224 kgsp@konkuk.ac.kr 
13 R&D Kookmin 
University Global Center 2-910-5835 enterkmu@kookmin.ac.kr 
14 R&D 
Korea Advanced 
Institute of Science and 
Technology (KAIST) 
Graduate Admissions 
Team 42-350-2357 advanced.adm@kaist.ac.kr 
15 R&D 
Korea University of 
Technology and 
Education (KoreaTech) 
GEC External Affairs 
Team 41-560-1022 inter@koreatech.ac.kr 
lim9901@koreatech.ac.kr 
16 R&D KUNSAN National 
University IALE Office 63-469-4928 ksnugks@kunsan.ac.kr 
17 R&D Kyungpook 
National University 
Office of International 
Affairs 53-950-2436 gks2000@knu.ac.kr 
18 R&D Pukyong National 
University GKS Team 51-629-6846 gks-admission@pknu.ac.kr 
19 R&D Pusan National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs - gksapply@pusan.ac.kr 
20 R&D 
Seoul National University 
of Science and 
Technology (SeoulTech) 
Office of International 
Affairs 2-970-9223 admission@seoultech.ac.kr 
21 R&D Seoul Theological 
University 
Graduate Academic 
Affairs Office 32-340-9266 gsstu@stu.ac.kr 
22 R&D Sogang University General Graduate 
School 
2-705-8168, 
8169 gradsch@sogang.ac.kr 
23 R&D Sunchon National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs and Education 61-750-3147 411024@scnu.ac.kr 
24 R&D Yeungnam 
University 
International Student 
Support Team 53-810-7883 yuiss@yu.ac.kr 
25 R&D Yonsei University Graduate School Office 
(GKS Program) 2-2123-8458 ysgrad@yonsei.ac.kr 
26 Global 
Network Ajou University Office of Graduate School 
of International Studies 31-219-1551 gsis_admission@ajou.ac.kr 
=====PAGE=====
 
52 
 
No. Type University Department Phone (+82) E-mail 
27 Global 
Network 
Gyeongguk 
National University 
International 
Cooperation Office 54-820-7101 anuglobal@gknu.ac.kr 
28 Global 
Network Hongik University Graduate School 
(Seoul campus) 2-320-1253 gradsch@hongik.ac.kr 
29 Global 
Network 
KDI School of 
Public Policy and 
Management 
Admissions Office 44-550-1175 gksadm@kdischool.ac.kr 
30 Global 
Network 
Pusan National 
University 
Office of International 
Affairs - gksapply@pusan.ac.kr 
31 Global 
Network 
Seoul National 
University GMPA Office 2-880-9272 snugmpa@gmail.com 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
53 
 
APPENDIX E. 2026 GKS-G APPLICATION FAQS 
 
 
<Eligibility 지원자격 요건> 
Nationality 국적 
Q. Should I submit my parents’ passport copy? 
A. It is necessary to submit an official document (i.e., the applicant’s birth certificate or family 
register) that proves you and your parents' relationship. If the document does not include you and 
your parents' citizenship information, then you should submit additional documents (i.e., a passport 
copy or other government -issued document that indicates citizenship information) for proof of 
citizenship. Please note that birthplace or ethnic group information on a birth certificate or current 
residency in the submitted documents will not be accepted as proof of citizenship. 
문. 부모님의 여권 사본을 반드시 제출해야 하나요? 
답. 지원자와 부모님 간 가족관계를 증명할 수 있는 지원자의 출생증명서 혹은 
가족관계증명서와 같은 공식 문서는 반드시 제출해야 합니다. 해당 서류에 국적 
정보가 포함되어 있지 않다면 지원자/부모님의 국적을 증빙할 수 있는 자료(국적 
정보가 명시되어 있는 여권 사본 혹은 기타 정부 발급 문서)를 추가로 제출해야 
합니다. 출생증명서 상의 출생지나 민족 정보, 혹은 제출 서류상의 현재 거주지 
정보는 국적 증빙자료로 인정되지 않음을 유의해 주시기 바랍니다.   
 
 
Q. My father deceased a long time ago, and I cannot provide his proof of citizenship.   
A. If you are not able to issue your parent(s)’ proof of citizenshi p due to your parent(s)’ absence 
(e.g., divorced, deceased, etc.), then please provide supplementary documents that explain the 
reason for not submitting their proof of citizenship. (e.g., divorce certificate or death certificate). 
문. 오래전 돌아가신 아버지의 국적 증빙자료를 발급받기가 어려운 상황입니다.  
답. 부모님의 부재(예. 이혼, 사망 등)로 부모님의 국적 증빙 문서 제출이 어려운 
경우에는 이혼증명서, 사망증명서 등의 추가 자료를 제출하셔서 국적 증빙을 
제출하지 못하는 사유를 설명해 주시기 바랍니다. 
 
Q. My parents and I hold different citizenships. Am I eligible to apply for the program? 
A. Yes, you may. As long as you and your parent(s) do not hold Korean citizenship, and if you 
have citizenship of the country that is invited to the GKS degree program, you are eligible to apply.  
=====PAGE=====
 
54 
 
문. 저와 부모 님 은 서로 다른 국 적을 소 지하 고 있는데 이 경 우에 도 프 로 그램 지 원이 가능 한 가요? 
답. 네, 가능합니다. 지원자와 부모님 모두 한국 국적을 소지하고 있지 않고, 
지원자가 초청국 국적자라면 프로그램 지원이 가능합니다.  
 
 
Q. My country is not listed in the 2026 GKS-G program. Can I apply for the program? 
A. The quota allocation is decided based on mutual agreements on cultural and educational 
cooperation between Korea and the participating countries. All applicants must hold citizenship of 
the GKS partner country except for the R&D, Global Network, and International Organization 
programs. These programs are open to all countries around the world. Applicants for R&D, Global 
Network, or International Organization programs must directly apply to their designated 
universities since the program is only available under a university track. 
문. 우리나라는 2026 GKS 대학원 프로그램 초청국 명단에 없습니다. 지원이 가능한가요?  
답. 국가별 배정인원은 한국과 초청국 간의 문화∙교육 협력에 관한 상호 합의에 
기반하여 결정됩니다. 모든 지원자들은 초청국 국적을 보유해야 합니다. (R&D, 
글로벌네트워크, 국제기구 프로그램은 예외) R&D , 글로벌네트워크, 국제기구 
프로그램은 전세계 모든 국가에서 지원이 가능합니다. R&D , 글로벌네트워크, 
국제기구 프로그램은 대학전형으로만 지원이 가능하므로, 관심 있는 지원자들은 
대학으로 직접 지원해주시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
Degree 학력 
Q. I am expected to graduate from my degree program in March 2026. Am I eligible to apply 
for this program? 
A. Yes. Applicants who are expected to graduate by July 31, 2026, can also apply for the program 
with a certificate of expected graduation. Such applicants must submit their official graduation 
certificate (or diploma) and final academic transcript to the GKS Center, NIIED, by July 31, 2026. 
Failure to do so will result in the cancellation of your acceptance.  
문. 2026 년 3 월 졸업예정입니다. 프로그램 지원이 가능한가요? 
답. 가능합니다. 지원자들은 지원 시점에 이미 직전 학위를 취득하여 공식적으로 
졸업을 완료한 상태이거나, 2026 년 7 월 31 일까지 공식 졸업(학위) 증명서를 제출할 
수 있어야 합니다. 인정 가능한 학위 취득(또는 졸업) 기준일은 2026 년 7 월 
31 일입니다. 졸업예정자는 2025 년 7 월 31 일까지 반드시 최종 성적증명서와 
졸업증명서를 제출하여야 하며, 제출하지 않을 경우 합격이 취소됩니다. 
 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
55 
 
Q. It takes one year in my country to get a diploma after my graduation. Can I apply with 
my provisional graduation certificate (or provisional degree certificate)? 
A. No. Only an official (final) graduation certificate, degree certificate, or diploma is acceptable. 
The graduation certificate must clearly indicate the date (or at least the month) of official 
graduation. A provisional certificate is not accepted as a graduation certificate in the GKS degree 
program even if it is acknowledged as an official graduation certificate in your home country. 
문. 우리나라에서는 졸업을 하였더라도 임시증명서만 발급해주고 공식 학위증명서는 
1 년 후에 발급이 됩니다. 임시증명서로 지원이 가능할까요? 
답. 불가능합니다. 공식(최종) 졸업증명서, 학위증명서 혹은 학위증만 인정됩니다. 
졸업증명서에는 공식 졸업일(적어도 졸업월)이 명확히 표기되어 있어야 합니다. 
임시증명서는 본국에서 해당 서류가 공식 졸업증명서로 인정된다고 하더라도 본 
프로그램에서는 졸업증명서로 인정되지 않습니다.   
 
 
Q. I have a master’s degree. Can I apply for a master’s degree program in a different major? 
Which degree certificate should I submit? 
A. You can apply for a master's program while holding another master's degree. If you are applying 
to a master’s degree program, you should submit a degree certificate and academic transcript of 
your bachelor's degree. In this case, your CGPA for your bachelor’s degree should meet the grade 
requirement in the application guidelines. Providing your master’s degree certificate and academic 
transcript is optional. 
문. 저는 이미 석사 학위를 가지고 있습니다. 다른 학과의 석사 학위 프로그램에 
다시 지원할 수 있을까요? 이 경우, 어떤 학위증명을 제출해야 할까요? 
답. 이미 석사 학위를 소지한 사람도 GKS 석사 학위 프로그램에 지원할 수 
있습니다. 석사학위 프로그램에 지원하는 지원자는 학사학위 증명서와 학사성적을 
제출해야 하고, 학사학위의 성적이 모집요강의 자격 요건에 맞아야 합니다. 석사 
학위 증명과 석사 성적은 원하시는 경우 참고용으로 제출하실 수 있습니다.  
 
 
Q. I am currently in my master’s degree program at a university in Korea. Am I eligib le to 
apply for the master’s degree program at another university? 
A. If you have graduated from a Korean high school or a Korean university, or if you are currently 
enrolled in the final year of your degree curriculum (or if you are about to obtain a degr ee) at a 
Korean university, you cannot apply for the GKS degree program. If you are not near the 
graduation, you may apply for the program. However, if you are selected as our GKS scholar, you 
must drop out of the Korean university you are currently enrolled at and start the degree program 
under GKS as a first -year. Transfer credits from your previous university will not be accepted. 
Applicants currently residing in Korea may be required to return to their home country to obtain a 
new visa. In such cases, the cost of entry airfare to Korea will not be provided. 
=====PAGE=====
 
56 
 
문. 한국 대학에서 석사 과정 중인 학생입니다. GKS 석사 과정에 다시 지원할 수 있습니까? 
답. 한국 고등학교 혹은 대학교를 졸업했거나 마지막 학년에 재학 중인 (한국에서 
학위를 취득 예정인) 학생들은 지원할 수 없습니다. 졸업을 앞두고 있지 않다면 
프로그램에 지원할 수 있으나 GKS 장학생으로 선발될 경우, 기존에 다니고 있던 
한국에서의 학위 과정은 모두 포기하고 1 학년부터 새로 학위 과정을 시작해야 
합니다. 기존에 이수한 학점은 인정되지 않습니다. 한국 거주 중인 지원자는 
어학연수/학위 비자의 재발급을 위해 다시 본국으로 돌아가야 할 수도 있으며, 이 
경우에는 입국 항공료가 지원되지 않습니다.  
 
 
 
 
Grades 성적 
Q. The grades in my transcript are different from the GPA scales in the guidelines. How 
should I submit my CGPA? Can I use the scores I converted from a grade conversion website? 
A. If your grades do not belong to any of the GPA scales we accept (4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0, or 100-point 
scale), you must submit a converted grade confirmed by the university. If applicants convert their 
grades through a grade conversion tool such as scholaro.com, the converted CGPA must provide 
official institutional proof that the converted CGPA is recognized by their university. Please submit 
an official certificate or at least a testimonial issued by your university that confirms the converted 
CGPA. This supplementary document does not need to be apostilled or consular confirmed but 
must be submitted as an original document with the university’s authentication. The screening 
committee will determine whether your CGPA is eligible for the program or not based on the 
information you provide. 
문. 제 성적은 모집요강에서 인정하는 GPA 와 체계가 다릅니다. 제 종합평균평점을 
어떻게 기입해야 하나요? 성적변환사이트에서 변환한 성적을 사용해도 될까요? 
답. 모집요강에서 인정하는 성적 체계(4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0 혹은 백분율 만점)가 아닌 경우, 
출신 대학으로부터 확인받은 변환성적을 추가로 제출해야 합니다. Scholaro.com 과 
같은 성적변환 서비스를 이용하여 성적을 변환하였다면, 출신대학에서 변환성적을 
인정한다는 확인을 해 주어야 합니다. 변환 점수를 인정하는 증명서(혹은 성명서)를 
대학으로부터 발급받아 제출해 주시기 바랍니다. 이 추가 증명서(혹은 성명서)는 
아포스티유나 영사확인을 받을 필요는 없지만 대학의 관인이 찍힌 원본 서류로 
제출해야 합니다. 제출된 자료들을 토대로 심사위원회에서 해당 성적이 성적 요건에 
부합하는지를 심사하게 됩니다.  
 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
57 
 
Q. My CGPA is below 80%. Am I still eligible to apply? 
A. Yes, but only if you meet the class rank requirement. If your score percentile is below 80%, 
you remain eligible only if you are ranked within the top 20% of your class. In this case, you 
must submit an official certificate or a formal letter issued by your university explicitly stating 
your class rank. Without this official documentation, your transcript alone will not be sufficient 
for eligibility. 
문. 제 종합평균평점 성적은 80% 이하입니다. 프로그램 지원은 불가능한가요? 
답. 백분율 환산 점수가 80% 이하라고 하더라도 석차 상위 20% 이내에 해당한다면 
지원 자격은 갖추게 됩니다. 
출신 대학으로부터 지원자가 석차 상위 20% 이내에 해당한다는 증명서나 공식 
서한을 발급받아 공식 성적표와 함께 제출해 주시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
Q. My transcript only shows a final CGPA and does not list GPA by semester. How should I 
fill out the application form? 
A. If your transcript does not provide a GPA for each individual semester or year, you may leave 
those specific boxes blank. However, you must provide your Final CGPA and the Score Percentile 
for your entire degree. If your transcript does not show a score percentile, you must use the "GPA 
Conversion Table" in the Appendix to convert your CGPA into a 100-point scale. 
문. 제 성적표에는 종합평균 평점만 적혀 있고 성적이 학기별/학년별로 구분되어 
있지 않습니다. 지원서 성적 작성란을 어떻게 작성해야 하나요? 
답. 성적표에 학기/학년별 성적이 구분되어 있지 않다면 지원서의 학기/학년별 성적 
작성란은 공란으로 두시면 됩니다. 다만, 직전 학위과정 전체 기간의 종합평균 
평점은 기입해야 하며, 특히 백분율 환산 점수는 반드시 기입하셔야 합니다. 
성적표상에 백분율 환산 점수가 나오지 않았다면, 모집요강 부록의 ‘GPA 환산표’를 
참고하셔서 작성해주시기 바랍니다.  
 
Q. I am applying for a doctoral degree program. Should I also submit a CGPA of my 
bachelor’s degree? 
A. Applicants for a  doctoral degree program should put the CGPA of their previous degree 
(master’s degree) on the application form. Doctoral degree program applicants should submit the 
graduation certificate and official academic transcript of both bachelor’s and master’s degrees. The 
CGPA required in the application is of the master’s degree.  
  
=====PAGE=====
 
58 
 
문. 박사 과정에 지원하려고 합니다. 학사 과정의 종합평균 평점도 제출해야 합니까? 
답. 박사 과정 지원자는 지원서에 직전 학위(석사과정)의 종합평균 평점만 기재하면 
됩니다. 박사 과정 지원자들은 학사와 석사의 졸업증명 및 성적증명을 모두 
제출해야 하지만, 지원서의 성적 작성란에는 석사과정 성적만 기입합니다.  
 
 
Q. I  am a transfer student, and my current transcript does not show the GPA from my 
previous university. How should I submit my records? 
A. Please submit an official academic transcript issued by the university you graduated from. If 
the transcript does not in dicate your grades for the entire degree curriculum, please submit your 
academic records from the previous university as a supplementary document as reference material. 
The CGPA required in the application should be the one shown on the official academic transcript 
from the university you have graduated from. 
문. 저는 편입을 했는데, 졸업한 대학에서 발급한 성적증명서에는 편입 전 학교의 
성적이 나오지 않습니다. 성적증명을 어떻게 제출해야 합니까? 
답. 졸업한 대학에서 발급받은 공식 성적증명서를 제출해 주시기 바랍니다. 해당 
증명서에 학위과정 전체 기간의 성적이 표기되어 있지 않다면, 편입 전 대학에서 
받은 성적 자료를 보충 자료로 추가 제출해 주시기 바랍니다. 지원서의 성적 
작성란에는 졸업한 대학에서 발급한 성적증명서상의 점수를 그대로 기입합니다.  
 
 
 
Other Eligibility 기타 자격요건 
Q. I meet all the application requirements listed in the application guideline. Does this mean 
that I am qualified to apply to all GKS partner universities? 
A. Not necessarily. The application requirements we have indicated in the application guideline 
are the minimum requirements to apply for the GKS program. Some universities and departments 
may have additional requirements, such as a certain level of language prof iciency. Therefore, we 
ask all prospective applicants to check the “University information” files posted with the 
application guideline to find required qualifications set by each university/department. If a 
university requests additional material (e.g., a portfolio) beyond NIIED’s required documents, you 
should submit those materials directly to the university. 
문. 모집요강에 나온 기본 지원자격 요건을 모두 갖추었다면 모든 GKS 수학대학에 
지원 가능합니까? 
답. 반드시 그렇지만은 않습니다. 모집요강에서 안내한 지원 자격요건은 GKS 
장학프로그램에서 요구하는 최소한의 지원자격 요건입니다.  
=====PAGE=====
 
59 
 
특정 대학이나 학과의 경우, 별도의 어학성적 등 추가 자격을 요구하는 경우도 
있으므로, 반드시 모집요강과 함께 게재된 “University Information” 파일을 통해 
본인이 지원하고자 하는 대학 및 학과의 지원 자격요건을 확인하신 후 지원하시기 
바랍니다. 또한 국립국제교육원이 요구한 제출 서류 목록 외에, 지원하려는 대학에서 
포트폴리오 등 추가 서류를 요구하는 경우에는 해당 자료들을 대학으로 별도 제출해 
주시기 바랍니다. 
 
 
Q. I am currently living in Korea. Can I apply for this program? 
A. Yes, you may apply for the program while residing in a different country. Applicants must 
apply either through a Korean embassy where they hold citizenship (embassy track) or through a 
Korean university (un iversity track). Embassy Track applicants who are applying from a third 
country must check the method of application submission or interview process with the embassy. 
Successful candidates who are currently residing in Korea or enter Korea from a third country will 
not be provided with the entry airfare. Please be advised that obtaining mandatory authentications 
such as Apostille, consular confirmation, or certified translations for documents issued abroad may 
require significant time. Applicants are strong ly encouraged to prepare these documents well in 
advance. 
문. 저는 현재 한국에 살고 있습니다. 이 프로그램에 지원할 수 있습니까? 
답. 네, 제 3 국에서 체류 중이라도 프로그램에 지원할 수 있습니다. 모든 지원자는 국적 
국가의 한국 대사관을 통해 지원하거나 (공관 전형) 한국 내 대학으로 지원 (대학 전형)할 
수 있습니다. 제3국에서 지원하는 공관전형 지원자들은 서류 접수나 면접 방식 등에 관해 
대사관과 확인해 주시기 바랍니다.  
현재 한국 거주 중이거나 제 3 국에서 입국하는 합격자들은 입국 항공료 지원 대상에서 
제외됩니다. 제 3 국에서 지원하는 지원자들은 필수제출 서류들의 공증 (아포스티유, 
영사확인, 번역공증 등)을 위해 더 많은 시간과 노력이 필요할 수 있습니다.  
 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
60 
 
<Application Submission 지원서류 제출> 
Submission Method and Deadline 제출 방법 및 시기 
Q. Can I submit my application documents directly to NIIED? 
A. No, NIIED does not accept applications directly from individual applicants. Any documents 
mistakenly sent to NIIED will be excluded from the screening process and will not be returned. 
Instead, you must follow the specific submission process for your chosen track.  
Starting in 2026, Embassy Track applicants are required to submit their online application and all 
scanned documents through the Study in Korea website (www.studyinkorea.go.kr) between 11 am 
on February 12 and 6 pm on February 25 (KST). Conversely, University Track applicants cannot 
use the Study in Korea website for their applications; they must submit their materials directly to 
their target university according to that specific institution’s unique instructions and deadlines.  
문. 지원자가 국립국제교육원으로 직접 지원 서류를 제출하는 것이 가능합니까? 
답. 아닙니다. 지원서는 반드시 지원하는 공관 혹은 대학으로 제출해야 합니다. 
국립국제교육원은 1 차 선발 기관(공관/대학)의 추천 공문을 통해서만 지원 서류를 받으며, 
개별 지원자가 제출하는 서류는 받지 않습니다. 교육원으로 잘못 보내진 문서는 심사에서 
제외되며 반환되지 않습니다. 2026 부터 공관 전형 지원자는 한국유학종합시스템 
(www.studyinkorea.go.kr)에 접속하여 지원서 및 증빙서류를 제출하여야 합니다. 2.12. 오전 
11 시부터 2.25. 오후 6 시까지 한국유학종합시스템으로 지원하여야 합니다. ( 일시는 
한국(서울)기준)  
대학전형의 경우, 한국유학종합시스템으로 온라인 지원 신청을 받지 않으니, 반드시 
대학에 지원서류 제출 방법 등을 확인하시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
Q. When is the application deadline? 
A. The deadline depends on the application track you choose.  
For the Embassy Track, applications must be submitted via the Study in Korea website between 
11 am on February 12 and 6  pm on February 25, 2026 (KST). Plea se note that these times are 
strictly based on Seoul time.  
For the university application, the submission deadline varies by university. Please contact each 
university for application deadline information.  
Each embassy or university has its own application submission guidelines. For inquiries related to 
the application process, please contact the relevant institution. 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
61 
 
문. 지원서류 접수 마감일이 언제인가요? 
답. 공관전형은 2.12. 오전 11시부터 2.25. 오후 6 시까지 한국유학종합시스템으로 지원신청이 
가능합니다. (일시는 한국(서울)기준) 
대학전형의 경우, 서류 제출기한은 각 대학별로 다릅니다. 접수마감일은 각 대학의 홈페이지 
안내를 참고해주시기 바랍니다.  
각 공관 또는 대학마다 지원서류 접수에 대한 안내를 별도로 하고 있으므로, 지원과 관련한 
사항은 해당기관으로 문의하시기 바랍니다. 
 
 
Q. I am a citizen of China/ the Czech Republic. In the application guidelines, there is quota 
only assigned in the embassy track for the Chinese/ the Czech citizens. Does that mean that 
I must apply to the Korean Embassy in my country? 
A. No. While your quota is categorized under the Embassy Track, you must submit your 
application to your local government agency rather  than the Korean Embassy. Based on mutual 
agreements between governments, Chinese citizens must apply through the China Scholarship 
Council (CSC) under the Ministry of Education in China. Similarly, Czech citizens must submit 
their applications directly to the Ministry of Education of the Czech Republic. Please ensure you 
follow the specific application instructions and deadlines provided by these respective national 
institutions. 
문. 저는 중국/체코 국적의 지원자입니다. 중국/체코의 경우는 공관전형에만 배정이 
되어있는데, 우리나라의 한국대사관으로만 지원이 가능하다는 의미인가요? 
답. 중국은 한국과의 협정에 의해 한국 대사관이 아닌 중국 교육부 산하 
국가유학기금관리위원회 (China Scholarship Council)에서 서류를 접수합니다. 마찬가지로, 
체코도 양국 간 협정에 의거하여 체코 교육부에서 1 차 심사 서류를 접수하고 있습니다.  
 
 
Q. I am a U.S. citizen living in Los Angeles. If I apply through the Embassy Track, can I 
submit my application to the Korean Consulate in L.A. instead of the Korean Embassy in 
Washington, D.C.? 
A. Yes. Applicants from the United States and Vietnam are permitted to submit their applications 
to their nearest Korean Consulate. For U.S. applicants, the Korean Embassy in Washington, D.C., 
and the Korean Consulate in Los Angeles cooperate to conduct the first round of selection.  
Similarly, applicants in Vietnam may submit their documents to the Korean Embassy / Consulate 
in Hanoi, Da Nang or Ho Chi Minh City.  
  
=====PAGE=====
 
62 
 
문. 저는 미국 LA 에 거주하고 있는 미국 시민입니다. 공관전형으로 지원하고 싶은데, 
지원 서류를 워싱턴의 한국 대사관으로 제출해야 합니까? 
답. 미국과 베트남의 지원자들은 가까운 한국 영사관으로 지원서를 제출할 수 
있습니다. 워싱턴의 한국 대사관과 LA 의 한국 영사관이 함께 협업하여 1 차 심사를 
진행하게 됩니다. 자세한 내용은 대사관으로 문의해 주시기 바랍니다.  
베트남의 공관전형 지원자들도 하노이, 다낭, 호치민의 대사관/영사관에서 서류를 
공동 접수하고 있습니다.  
 
 
 
Apostille or Consular Confirmation 아포스티유 및 영사확인 
Q. For the legalization on “Required certificates”, can I choose between apostille or consular 
confirmation? 
A. Countries that are parties to the Apostille Convention must obtain an apostille. Applicants from 
countries not party to the Convention, or in cases where d ocuments cannot be apostilled, must 
obtain consular confirmation from the Korean embassy or consulate in their country. 
문. 필 수 제출 서 류에 필요 한 확인 으로 아 포스 티 유 혹은 영사 확인 중 하나를 선택할 수 있습 니 까?  
답. 아포스티유 협약 가입국은 아포스티유 발급만 가능합니다. 아포스티유 협약에 가입되지 않은 
국가의 지원자들은 필수 제출 서류에 한국 공관의 영사확인을 받아야 합니다. 본인의 국가가 
아포스티유 협약에 가입되어 있지 않거나 해당 서류에 아포스티유 발급이 불가능한 경우에는 
한국 대사관이나 영사관에서 영사확인을 받아 제출해 주시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
Q. Can I submit an original degree certificate and academic transcript without 
apostille/consular confirmation?   
A. The “Required certificates” must be submitted with an apostille or consular confirmation. 
Original documents without additional authentication, notarized documents certified by only a 
notary public, or certified documents confirmed by the oth er government agencies will not be 
accepted. (Exception: certificate issued by Korean government or institutions should be submitted 
in their original version without additional authentication.) 
문. 아포스티유/영사확인 없이 학위증명과 성적증명서 원본을 제출할 수는 없나요? 
답. “필수제출 서류”로 분류된 증명서들은 반드시 아포스티유 혹은 영사확인을 받아 
제출해야 합니다. 원본 그대로 제출하거나, 일반 공증만 받아 제출하거나, 기타 
정부기관의 확인만 받아 제출된 서류는 인정하지 않습니다. ( 예외: 한국 정부나 
기관에서 발급한 증명서류들은 발급받은 원본 그대로 제출) 
 
=====PAGE=====
 
63 
 
Q. I obtained an apostille on my graduation certificate in the past. Can I submit a copy of 
this document?  
A. It will not be accepted, as the document will be considered a simple photocopy. It does not 
matter whether it is photocopied in color or black and white. Your document will be accepted only 
if the government agency  that initially issued the apostille issues a certified true copy, or if you 
obtain a certified true copy (등본인증) of your document from a Korean embassy. 
문. 저는 예전에 졸업증명서에 아포스티유를 받아 놓았습니다. 이 문서의 사본을 
제출해도 될까요? 
답. 이는 단순복사본으로 간주되어 인정되지 않습니다. 사본이 컬러인지 흑백인지 
여부는 중요하지 않습니다. 해당 아포스티유 서류를 발급해준 기관에서 원본 대조필 
된 서류를 받아 제출하거나 한국 대사관으로부터 “등본 인증”을 받아 제출하는 
경우에만 인정됩니다.  
 
 
Q. How should I submit the documents with translation? 
A. All application documents that are not written in Korean or English must be accompanied by a 
certified translation. For “Required certificates,” apostille or consular confirmation is only required 
either on original documents or certified translations. If the document is written in both languages 
(original language and English), it does not need to be translated again. 
문. 번역된 서류를 제출하는 방법에 대해 알려주세요. 
답. 한국어나 영어로 작성되지 않은 모든 서류는 번역공증본을 추가로 함께 제출해야 합니다. 
“필수제출서류”의 경우 원본 혹은 번역공증본 둘 중 하나에만 아포스티유/영사확인을 받아 
제출하면 됩니다. 현지어와 영어가 병기된 서류는 별도로 번역공증을 받을 필요가 없습니다.  
 
 
Q. I will submit my original graduation certificate with an apostille, but it cannot be re-issued 
any more. Can it be returned? 
A. All application materials submitted to NIIED WILL NOT BE RETURNED UNDER ANY 
CIRCUMSTANCES. Applicants are strongly advised to submit an apostilled or cons ular-
confirmed certified copy instead of the original document.  If an applicant does not pass the first 
round of selection, the embassy or university may or may not return the submitted documents in 
accordance with its internal policy. 
Please note that the graduation certificate submitted at the time of application is used only for the 
selection process. Therefore, selected GKS scholars must prepare additional graduation certificates 
with an apostille or consular confirmation for future procedures, such as visa application (embassy), 
issuance of a standard admission letter (university), or visa status change (Korean immigration 
office). 
=====PAGE=====
 
64 
 
문. 지원 당시 재발급이 불가능한 원본 졸업증명서를 제출했는데, 돌려받을 수 
있을까요? 
답. 국립국제교육원으로 제출된 모든 지원서류는 어떤 경우에도 반환되지 않습니다. 서류 
재발급이 불가능한 경우에는 공증사본에 아포스티유 혹은 영사확인을 받아 제출해 주시기 
바랍니다. 1 차 심사에서 탈락한 지원자들의 지원서류는 1 차 심사기관(공관/대학)의 규정에 
따라 반환이 가능할 수도 있습니다.  
지원 당시 제출하는 졸업증명서는 선발 심사를 위한 자료로만 활용됩니다. 그렇기 때문에 
선발된 장학생들은 비자 발급 신청이나(대사관) 대학의 입학허가서 발급 신청(대학), 추후 
한국에서의 체류자격 변경을(한국 출입국사무소) 위해 각 기관에 아포스티유/영사확인 
받은 졸업증명서를 추가로 제출할 수 있도록 준비해야 합니다.  
 
 
Q. What is the validity period of authenticated documents? Can I submit a graduation 
certificate apostilled last year? 
A. If an apostilled or consular confirmed document specifies an expiration date, its validity will be 
determined based on that date. If no expiration date is indicated, the document will be accepted if 
it is submitted within two years from the date of authentication. 
문. 공증받는 서류들의 유효기간에 대해 궁금합니다. 작년에 발급받은 아포스티유 
졸업증명 서류를 제출해도 될까요? 
답. 아포스티유 확인 또는 영사 확인 서류의 유효기간은 서류에 기재된 공증 유효 
기간으로 하되, 기재되어 있지 않은 경우 발급일 기준 2 년 이내의 서류를 인정합니다.  
 
 
Q. I have graduated from another country. Therefore, I cannot obtain an apostille on my 
certificates from my government or apply for a consular confirmation from the Ko rean 
embassy in my country. How should I submit my graduation certificate and academic 
transcript that were issued by another country? 
A. If your documents were issued from the university or from a government abroad, you should 
obtain an apostille if the relevant country is a member of the Apostille Convention. If you are not 
able to obtain an  apostille from abroad, please check if you can obtain a consular confirmation 
from the embassy/consulate of the relevant country. 
문. 저는 다른 나 라에 서 학위 를 취 득 했기 때문에 증명 서 류에 우리 나 라에 서 아 포 스티 유 나 
영사 확 인을 받을 수 없 습 니다. 해 외 에서 발 급 받은 학위/성적 증명 서 류를 어떻 게 제출 해 야 
하나 요? 
답. 해외 정부기관이나 대학에서 발급한 서류들은 해당 국가가 아포스티유 협약국에 속하는 
경우에는 아포스티유를 받아 제출해야 합니다. 만약 해외에서 아포스티유 발급이 어렵다면, 
자국에 소재한 해당 국가의 대사관/영사관에서 영사확인을 받을 수 있는지 알아보시기 바랍니다.  
=====PAGE=====
 
65 
 
Selection of University/Departments 대학/학과 선택 
Q. How many departments and universities can I apply to? 
A. If you apply through the University Track, you may choose only ONE university and ONE 
department.  
If you apply through the Embassy Track, you may choose up to THREE universities under Type 
A and Type B, and at least one of your choices must be from a Type B university.  
You may select the same department for all three universities, however, you may not choose 
multiple departments within a single university. 
문. 몇 개의 대학과 전공에 지원할 수 있습니까? 
답. 대학전형 지원자는 하나의 대학과 하나의 학과로만 지원할 수 있습니다.  
공관전형 지원자는 A 유형과 B 유형 대학 중 최대 3개의 대학을 선택할 수 있습니다. 
단, 반드시 최소 한 개의 대학은 B 유형 대학 중에서 선택해야 합니다. 유의할 점은, 
세 개의 다른 대학에서 동일한 학과를 선택할 수는 있지만 하나의 대학을 반복 
선택하여 세 개의 다른 학과로 지원할 수는 없습니다.  
 
 
Q. Are there any tips for choosing three universities? 
A. Embassy Track applicants should understand that passing the second round of selection does 
not guarantee admission to the universities they have chosen. Applicants who select only highly 
competitive universities may fail to receive admission from all three universities in the third round 
of selection.  
As each Korean university is recognized for different academic fields and has its own strengths, 
applicants are advised to conduct thorough research to identify leading institutions in their intended 
field of study.  
Applicants should also consider that the cost of living for students at universities located in 
metropolitan areas is generally higher than that of non -metropolitan universities. For reference, 
GKS scholars are required to cover their accommodation expenses using the monthly stipend they 
receive. 
문. 대학을 선택하는 데 있어서 조언을 구할 수 있을까요? 
답. 공관전형 지원자는 2 차 선발 심사에서 합격했다고 하여 대학의 입학허가를 보장받는 
것이 아님을 기억해야 합니다. 3 개 지망대학 모두를 경쟁률이 높은 대학으로만 선택하는 
경우, 3차 심사에서 3 개 대학 모두 불합격할 수도 있습니다.  
=====PAGE=====
 
66 
 
한국의 모든 대학은 각자의 강점과 특성화 분야가 있습니다. 관심 있는 대학이 강점을 
갖고 있는 분야가 무엇인지 알아보시고, 본인이 수학하고자 하는 분야에서 우수한 실적을 
보이는 대학을 찾아보는 것을 추천합니다.  
수도권 지역의 대학에서 유학하는 학생들의 생활비는 비수도권 지역의 대학보다 대체로 
높다는 사실 역시 고려해야 합니다. 참고로, GKS 장학생들은 매달 지급되는 생활비로 
기숙사비 등 숙식비를 부담합니다.  
 
 
 
Recommendation Letter 추천서 
Q. Who should I obtain a letter of recommendation from? 
A. We recommend you receive your recommendation letter from someo ne who can provide 
thorough assessment of your academic abilities such as a professor or a dean of the department at 
your previous university.  
Applicants recommended by International Organizations such as the Asian Development Bank 
(ADB) or the World Bank (WB) must submit a letter of recommendation issued by a partner 
university, and refugee applicants must submit a letter of recommendation issue d by the United 
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).  
The recommendation letter must be dated within one year of the application deadline. Applicants 
who have prepared their letters in advance may submit the previous year's (2025) letter of 
recommendation form. While only one letter of recommendation is required, up to two may be 
submitted if necessary. 
문. 추천서는 누구에게 받아야 하나요? 
답. 지원자의 수학 능력을 자세히 평가할 수 있는 출신 대학의 교수님 또는 학과장님 
등으로부터 추천서를 받는 것을 권장합니다. 국제기구 중 아시아개발은행 (ADB), 세계은행 
(WB)의 추천 지원자의 경우, 국제기구 협력대학에서 발급받은 추천서를 제출해야 하며, 
난민지원자의 경우 유엔난민기구(UNHCR)에서 발급한 추천서를 제출해야 합니다.  
추천서는 지원서류 제출마감일을 기준으로 1 년 이내에 작성된 것이어야 합니다. 미리 
추천서를 준비한 지원자들은 작년(2025 년) 추천서 양식을 제출해도 괜찮습니다. 추천서는 
하나만 제출하는 것이 원칙이나, 필요하다면 최대 두 개까지 제출할 수 있습니다. 
 
 
Q. How do I submit a letter of recommendation through the Study in Korea website? 
A. You may download the Letter of Recommendation form from the Study in Korea online 
application system or use Form 5 provided in the GKS Notice on the Study in Korea website.  
Applicants must obtain both the Recommender Information and the Letter of Recommendation 
completed by their recommender.  
=====PAGE=====
 
67 
 
Embassy Track applicants must scan and upload the letter to the online system. University Track 
applicants must submit the letter in a sealed envelope, signed across the back flap by the 
recommender, to the recommending university. 
문. 한국유학종합시스템으로 추천서는 어떻게 제출하나요? 
답. 한국유학종합시스템 지원 신청에서 “추천서” 서식을 다운받거나 한국유학종합시스템 
GKS 공지사항에 게시된 지원서식 (FORM 5.)을 활용할 수 있습니다.  
지원자는 “추천자 정보” 추천내용이 명시된 “추천서”를 모두 추천자에게 작성해서 받아야 
합니다. 공관전형 지원자는 이 추천서를 스캔하여, 온라인 시스템에 업로드해야 하며, 
대학전형 지원자는 추천서를 봉투에 넣어 봉인한 후 봉투 뒷면에 추천자 서명을 받고 
봉인된 상태 그대로 추천 기관(대학)에 제출해야 합니다. 
 
Certificate of Language Proficiency 공인언어성적 
Q. Must I submit certificates of language proficiency (English or Korean)? 
A. Language proficiency certificates (English: TOEFL iBT, IELTS/ Korean: TOPIK, TOPIK IBT) 
are optional, and applicants may apply for GKS without them. However, some universities or 
departments may require a minimum level of language proficiency.  Submitting supporting 
documents that demonstrate your language ability is recommended.  
Proof that English was used as the medium of instruction cannot replace an official English 
proficiency test certificate. 
문. 공인어학증명서(영어, 한국어)는 반드시 제출해야 합니까? 
답. 공인어학증명서 (영어: TOEFL iBT, IELTS/한국어: TOPIK, TOPIK IBT )는 GKS 
지원에 필요한 필수제출 서류가 아니므로 어학시험 성적이 없이도 지원이 
가능합니다. 다만, 일부 대학이나 학과에서는 일정 점수 이상의 언어능력을 요구할 
수 있습니다. 어학능력을 포함하여 본인의 능력을 증명하는 서류를 제출하는 것은 
선발에 도움이 될 수 있습니다.  
졸업한 과정이 영어로 진행되었다는 증명은 영어공인성적으로 대체할 수 없습니다.  
 
 
 
Other Document Submission Inquiries 기타 서류제출 관련 문의 
Q. Should I include a detailed research proposal in the Study Plan? 
A. Yes. You must at least describe the general direction and outlines of your study plans, if not in 
full detail. Please elaborate on your study objectives in Korea and tangible plans during and after 
you complete the degree program. 
=====PAGE=====
 
68 
 
문. 학업 계획서(Study Plan)에 구체적인 학업계획을 포함해야 합니까? 
답. 구체적인 학업계획은 아니더라도 전체적인 학업계획은 제시해야 합니다. 한국에서의 
학업 목표와 계획, 그리고 학업 후 계획 등을 제시하면 됩니다. 
 
 
Q. I am planning to apply through a university track. Can I submit my application to 
multiple universities? 
A. University track applicants can only apply to  ONE university and ONE department. If an 
applicant is found to have applied to more than two universities, his/her application document will 
be excluded from the next round of evaluation. Even after the announcement of qualified applicants, 
scholarships may be canceled.  
Embassy track applicants whose application have not passed the first round may apply to a 
university track once more. However, applicants cannot apply for both tracks at once.  
문. 대학전형으로 지원할 예정입니다. 여러 곳의 대학으로 지원서를 접수해도 되나요? 
답. 대학 전형 지원자들은 오직 하나의 대학과 하나의 학과로만 지원할 수 있습니다. 
복수의 대학에 지원한 사실이 확인되면 1 차 심사에서 선발되었더라도 2 차 심사 대상에서 
제외됩니다. 합격이 되더라도 복수 지원 사실이 추후 발견된다면 합격이 취소됩니다.  
공관전형의 1 차 심사에서 불합격한 지원자는 대학전형으로 재지원이 가능합니다. 그러나 
동시에 공관, 대학전형으로 중복 지원할 수는 없습니다.  
 
 
Q. My name on my birth certificate is different from the one on my graduation certificate. 
What should I do when the names are different on the documents? 
A. Applicant must apply with the name on their passport. If the name on your passport is different 
from other documents, please provide a supplementary document issued by your government that 
explains the discrepancy. 
문. 출생증명서의 제 이름은 졸업증명서에 적힌 이름과 조금 다릅니다. 서류 간 
이름이 서로 다른 경우에는 어떻게 해야 하나요? 
답. 지원자들은 여권 상 이름으로 지원해야 합니다. 제출 서류에 적힌 이름과 여권 
이름이 서로 다른 경우에는 이름이 서로 다른 이유를 설명할 수 있는 정부발급 
서류를 추가로 제출해 주시기 바랍니다.   
 
 
  
=====PAGE=====
 
69 
 
<Selection Results 심사 결과> 
Q. How will I know if I have been accepted? 
A. Each embassy and university will individually announce the results of the first round of 
selection. The results of the first round of selection for the Embassy Track will be announced by 
March 16th. The results of the second round and the list of final successful applicants will be 
announced on the Study in Korea GKS Notice Board. All important announcements for applicants 
will be posted on the Study in Korea GKS notice board, so please check the board regularly during 
the selection period. 
문. 저의 합격 여부에 대해 어떻게 알 수 있습니까? 
답. 1 차 심사 결과는 각 공관과 대학이 개별적으로 발표합니다. 공관전형 1 차 
심사결과는 3 월 16 일까지 발표될 예정입니다. 2 차 심사 결과 및 최종합격자 명단은 
스터디인코리아 GKS 공지사항을 통해 공지됩니다. 전체 지원자를 대상으로 하는 
중요 공지사항은 모두 스터디인코리아 GKS 공지사항 게시판을 통해 발표되므로, 
선발 기간 동안 각 지원자는 게시판을 잘 확인해주시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
<Korean Language Program 한국어 연수> 
Q. Is it mandatory for all GKS scholars to pass at least Level 3 in TOPIK after one year of  
the Korean Language Program? 
A. Yes. Every GKS scholar must achieve at least Level 3 on TOPIK (Test of Proficiency in Korean) 
within a yearlong Korean language program to proceed to his or her degree program (except 
scholars in a research program, global network program, IRTS Korean Language Program  
graduates, current academic professors enrolled in a 100% English -taught program  with the 
submission of a Korean Language Exemption Application , or R&D Program applicants to 100% 
English-taught program). 
In addition, certain universities or departments require students to submit a valid TOPIK certificate 
of level 4 or higher. Scholars who applied to such a department may not enter their degree program 
if they fail to achieve the required TOPIK certificate during a yearlong Korean language program. 
문. 최종 선발된 모든 GKS 장학생은 한국어 연수 후에 반드시 TOPIK 3 급 이상을 
취득해야 합니까? 
답. 네, 필수 사항입니다. (연구과정, 글로벌네트워크, 국제재건인재 한국어연수과정 수료, 
100% 영어학과 지원 현직교수 중 한국어면제 신청 장학생, R&D 과정 영어트랙학과 
장학생을 제외한) 모든 GKS 장학생들은 1 년의 한국어 연수 기간 중 TOPIK 3 급 이상을 
취득해야만 학위과정에 진학할 수 있습니다. 
=====PAGE=====
 
70 
 
추가적으로, 각 대학 또는 학과 별로 입학을 위해 TOPIK 4 급 이상의 성적표 제출을 
요구하기도 합니다. 해당 학과로 지원한 학생들은 1 년 간의 한국어 연수 기간을 통해서도 
입학요건을 충족하지 못하는 경우 학위과정 입학이 불가능합니다. 
 
 
Q. If I become a GKS scholar, will I be assigned to a Korean language institution in a 
different region of my degree university? 
A. No. As of 2023, all GKS scholars will take their Korean language program at the same 
university where they will conduct their degree program. 
※ Exception: DGIST, KAIST, KDI School of Public Policy and Management,  National Cancer 
Center Graduate School of Cancer Science and Policy , POSTECH, The Academy of Korean 
Studies and UNIST will designate another university for a Korean language program. 
During the language program, scholars are required to live on campus. In general, scholars are 
assigned to a dormitory with roommate(s). Each institution has different facilities. If a n 
independent kitchen or a bathroom is mandatory for religious reasons, etc., please check with the 
university of your interest. 
문. 최종합격자들은 수학대학과 다른 지역의 한국어 연수기관으로 배정이 되나요? 
답. 그렇지 않습니다. 2023년부터 모든 GKS 장학생들은 수학대학과 동일한 기관에서 한국어 
연수를 받게 됩니다.  
(*예외: KAIST, UNIST, DGIST, KDI국제정책대학원, 포항공과대학교, 국립암센터국제암대학원대학교, 
한국학중앙연구원은 대학이 자체 지정한 타 어학기관에서 한국어 연수) 
한국어 연수기간 동안에는 기숙사 생활을 원칙으로 하며 대부분의 장학생들은 룸메이트(들)과 
함께 기숙사 방을 배정받습니다. 각 기관별로 기숙사 시설이 다르기 때문에 종교적인 이유 
등으로 별도의 조리 시설 등이 필요하거나 공동화장실을 사용하지 못하는 경우 지원하기 전 
대학에 필요한 내용을 확인해 주시기 바랍니다.  
 
 
Q. The degree program I applied to is taught in English only. May I be exempt from the 
Korean Language Program? 
A. A yearlong Korean language program is an important part of the GKS program. All GKS 
scholars must take a Korean language program regardless of the curriculum of the degree program. 
However, if you have already attained an advanced level (Level 5 or 6) on TOPIK when applying 
for the program, you must submit your valid TOPIK certificate to be exempt from the Korean 
language program. You will directly start your degree program in September 2026. 
=====PAGE=====
 
71 
 
Applicants who attained TOPIK level 5 or 6 after the initial application deadline must submit the 
valid TOPIK certificate to NIIED by June 12, 2026. (*Acceptable TOPIK certificates: the 93rd ~ 
the 105th test and TOPIK IBT certificates: the 1st ~ the 12th test) 
If you attain TOPIK level 5 or 6 within the first six months of the Korean language program, you 
will be exempt from the remaining six months and must begin your degree program in the 
following semester (March 2027). 
문. 제가 지원한 학위 과정 수업은 100% 영어로 진행됩니다. 한국어 연수를 
면제받을 수도 있나요? 
답. 1 년 간의 한국어연수는 GKS 프로그램의 중요한 부분입니다. GKS 장학생들은 
학위과정의 성격과 관계없이 모두 한국어연수 과정을 이수해야 합니다.  
단, 지원 당시 이미 유효한 TOPIK 5 급 혹은 6 급 성적을 소지하고 있는 경우에는 반드시 
TOPIK 성적표를 제출하고 한국어 연수를 면제받아 2026 년 9 월에 학위 과정에 진학해야 
합니다. 1 차 심사서류 접수마감일 이후 취득한 TOPIK 5 급 혹은 6 급 성적이 있다면 
성적표를 6 월 12 일까지 국립국제교육원으로 제출하고 9 월에 학위 과정으로 조기 
진학해야 합니다. (TOPIK 93회~105회 및 TOPIK IBT 1 회~12회 시험 결과만 인정) 
또한, 한국어 연수 시작 후 6 개월 안에 TOPIK 5 급 이상을 취득한 경우에도 남은 6 개월 
간의 한국어 연수를 면제받아 2027년 3 월 학기에 학위 과정으로 조기 진학하게 됩니다. 
 
 
Q. May I change my final university choice during my Korean language program or degree 
program? 
A. No. Changing or transferring to another university is NOT PERMITTED under any 
circumstances. 
문. 한국어 연수 혹은 학위 과정 중에 대학을 변경할 수 있습니까? 
답. 최종 선택한 대학을 변경하거나 다른 학교로 편입하는 것은 절대 불가합니다.  
 
 
THANK YOU  
for your interest in  
Global Korea Scholarship  
Graduate Degrees Program 
GKS Center, NIIED 
=====PAGE=====
